topic 0:
i 've had chronic neck & shoulder_pain causing pinched nerves and almost unbearable constant_pain .
for almost 2 months i had no relief using chiro adjustments , massage , grastons & trigger_point injections .
while these treatments would_help , it was only temporary .
after seeing oss i had considerable relief after the first_visit .
the combination of dry_needling , electro stim , cupping along with stretches and strength work has removed pain and pinched nerves .
------
topic 1:
was referred to the core_institute by a banner hospital after my motorcycle accident .
my thumb had swelled up to the size of a tennis ball and at the er they said there was no broken or fracture bones but thought i had skiers thumb .
i made an appointment and was seen by a pa , a week after the accident .
he found i did have a hair line fracture on the metacarpal bone by looking at the x-ray from the er and was shocked they missed it .
so i was put in a short hand cast and told to come_back in a week for new x-rays .
------
topic 2:
dr. imani williams-vaughn , md is truly amazing !
she is very much an advocate for patients to truly be a partner in their personal health .
she encourages her patients to be honest with what their body is conveying and then takes the necessary actions/steps to assist her patients to the road of recovery !
dr. imani williams-vaughn , md has been my personal doctor since i 've moved to the area !
i always refer her to other people who are looking for an amazing physician that truly_cares about their health !
------
topic 3:
i have been a patient of dr. whitely at healthy outlook family_medicine for about ten years .
dr. whitely is so caring and always seems genuinely concerned about my health_issues and how i 'm doing .
i never_feel like she 's in a rush or just trying to get to the next_patient .
she always_takes the time to discuss any concerns that i have and to find out what 's going on with me .
i have spoken to friends and coworkers about their primary_care physicians and when i compare my experiences with dr. whitely to their experiences with their physicians , i know that i am so lucky to have dr. whitely as my pcp .
------
topic 4:
looks_like they are double billing and upcoding to insurance , which is illegal !
i had my first_visit to this clinic in june for migraines , that was 15 minutes or less .
i just got a bill in the mail from pfmc that i owe them $ 173.79 , and that my insurance only paid $ 26.21 for this 15 minute visit .
luckily , i had the sense to log into my health_insurance account and check the claim .
i saw that pfmc billed my insurance for a `` 45 minute or more '' visit .
------
topic 5:
my surgeon recommended 360 physical_therapy for my neck disk replacement recovery .
if you 've ever been frustrated with the typical physical_therapy experience of repetitious exercises day in day out with limited progress , please give eric and his team a try .
i was told my physical_therapist would be savannah torrez .
i called and made an appointment with ease .
on my first_visit , i met with savannah and we discussed why i had the surgery and my goals for therapy .
------
topic 6:
do not go here .
if there was a zero star option , they would_get it !
!
this is a very long review ( my apologies ) , but it 's important that you read the whole thing ... i had an appointment december 18th in order to establish a primary_care_physician since i had just moved to the area , as well as to examine a strange bony growth on my shin .
i saw wendy martinez who was great , but her nurse , candy , as well as the front_desk_staff are completely incompetent .
------
topic 7:
let me preface this with the fact that i 've been to other travel clinics before for travel to the same destination that i am currently planning on revisiting .
i had quick and easy experiences that last_time and got all the vaccines i needed .
our trip to the travel vaccine clinic can be summed up in 2 words - overcomplicated and pushy .
during your trip you can expect to be corralled during this 3 part `` journey '' .
that 's right , it 's 3 parts .
------
topic 8:
if you do n't want to read my whole story , just know this , if you 're family_member can not advocate for themselves , or are helpless , do not leave them alone .
the only reason i 'd give this place even one_star is because of the physical/occupational therapists .
if your parent/grand/or self had a knee_replacement etc you should be fine , but if your parent is a stroke patient who needs good medical_care along with pt as mine was , forget it !
the drs and nursing_staff are completely incompetent .
my mother suffered her second set of small strokes while in this facility and on the day i noticed her decline i asked the nurse for dr. cheng to come in and assess her .
------
topic 9:
derosa medical has positively changed my life .
not only is dr. iacovelli easy to talk with about any medical issue , she is quite accommodating and makes me feel very welcome .
if i could_give ron 10 stars , i would .
i am so grateful to have found them , especially dr. jennifer iacovelli .
i have been seeing anne marie for years as my massage_therapist .
------
topic 10:
every_time i come in i wait for more than 15 minutes from my appointment_time .
they are nice doctors but the wait_time is horrible .
and on top of that i wait_another 15-30 minutes .
this place is ridiculous .
never have i had to wait so long to get any service .
------
topic 11:
if you are looking for a top practitioner-look no further !
rowena cua is amazing !
being both a medical_professional and a professional athlete , i am very selective with the practitioners that i go to for treatment .
i absolutely_love john barnes mfr and have had such profound results from the work .
it is the most comprehensive , effective and powerful work that i have experienced .
------
topic 12:
... 005 ... `` heilbad hoheneck ludwigsburg '' -- einführung -- hier scheint die zeit still zu stehen .
das heilbad oben auf dem berg hat sich in den letzten 30 jahren kaum verändert , sieht man einmal vom einbau der edelstahl-verkleidung in den becken ab .
zielgruppe sind eindeutig erholungsbedürftige und senioren .
kinder klammert man so weit wie möglich aus .
kinder unter 5 jahren dürfen gar nicht ins bad , ältere kinder bekommen nur samstags einen ermäßigten tarif und dürfen auch sonst nur nach mittag in die therme .
------
topic 13:
dr. khakwani saved my life .
i went in to see dr. khakwani with what i thought was a urinary track infection .
i gave her two chances !
true story .
any good review for either dr. francesca or dr. noel chamian are friends and/or relatives !
------
topic 14:
i am not at all impressed with nasm .
i had such high hopes and expectations going in , but i am totally disappointed .
i 'm currently 4 weeks into their 9-week cpt program and i hugely regret choosing this school .
i have been heavily involved in athletics and fitness ever_since i was a kid and i have always wanted to help others get fit and develop healthier lifestyles , so i finally_decided to work towards obtaining my cpt certification .
i only wish that i would have read more reviews before opting to enroll in this school .
------
topic 15:
i visited this particular location because of the reviews i read online in which everyone seemed pleased .
i was assisted by stephanie and vanessa ; both of them were extremely_friendly , knowledgeable , and made me feel_comfortable .
he ido al centro de salud familiar por un par de años y siempre he estado muy satisfecho con el cuidado y la atención que he recibido .
the clerk at the front_desk was prompt and friendly ; likewise , the wait_time was extremely short .
tarde y pierden tiempo platicando todos con su chicle muy poco profesionales me trataban como una basura al igual que a mis hijos , tuve que dormir ahi todos los dias por miedo a que no le dieran el tratamiento adecuado a mi esposo , fue un infierno de todo corazon les platico nuestra experiencia fue aterradora no dejen ahi a sus seres queridos solo les importa cobrar a las aseguranzas , la lidia la case manager propago informacion confidencial con personas no autorizadas , muchos de los pacientes solos son abusados en este lugar .
------
topic 16:
this is a split review .
and i 'd like to preface my review that i have been to many reflexology spas in the markham/richmond hill areas over the years , but none in scarborough or downtown .
hence , i benchmark my experience at footscape against the spas in the markham/richmond hill areas only .
facility and customer services : footscape 's decoration , facility upkeep , and spa room cleanliness are top notched among other spas in markham and richmond hill areas .
the colour and lighting and the spaciousness are nice .
------
topic 17:
my wife and i came here for a walk in appointment .
on the desk in the lobby there was a sign saying they only accept walk_ins until 6:15pm .
we got there at 4:45 .
there was no one up front but we could_hear people in the back so we waited .
at 5:28 a woman came up front and asked us why we were there , we said for a walk in .
------
topic 18:
not only is their staff_rude , arrogant , unprofessional and argumentative , but the lack of organization is insane .
do n't go here unethical unfriendly and uneducated staff_rude an inconsiderate !
this place is a joke.u bunch of fucking immigrants0l working there who have no experience working in the healthcare field .
worst fucking place_ever .
------
topic 19:
saw dr.docasar today & i must_say , i will recommend her to any of my ( female ) family & friends !
dr davis and his staff are amazing .
i wan na thank you dr.docasar & your staff for being such a great_team to your patience .
always_friendly greetings when you arrive , they stay on top of the schedule too .
i 've been coming to this facility for about 10 months now and i absolutely_love it !
------
