topic 0:
my headaches have almost disappeared , my neck and shoulder_pain has greatly improved , and i 've even felt relief from my lower-back pain .
i fin=lly talked my husband into getting an adjustment after two_weeks straight of shoulder/neck muscle pain , and we went to mountain island chiropractic .
after prp injections in my back i no longer have knife stabbing back_pain or numbness in my feet .
yup , dean will find each spot that aches , adjust it , and relieve the tension and pain , providing relief - even in areas that i did know i hurt !
i finally talked my husband into getting an adjustment after two_weeks straight of shoulder/neck muscle pain , and we went to mountain island chiropractic .
------
topic 1:
not that i ca n't afford it , i seriously ca n't buy it , they turn me down .
but you do n't tell me how it happened so i ca n't help you . ''
i do n't think so .
forte is reasonable , i can see her other doctors when she is n't available , i ca n't imagine what i would do without her .
he said `` i do n't know what it is .
------
topic 2:
all of the providers at amc take_time to listen to patients and care for each patient as an individual .
i always refer her to other people who are looking for an amazing physician that truly_cares about their health !
thank you dr , phoenix and your staff for your professionalism , genuine care that provide not only to me and my wife , but all of your patients , the trust we have in you regarding our health needs and your genuine respect .
she is very much an advocate for patients to truly be a partner in their personal health .
she let me know that i 'd have to have an initial appointment to establish care , deeming the doctor my primary_care_physician .
------
topic 3:
dr. athalye is a great_doctor .
dr. athalye is a great_doctor .
dr. athalye is a great_doctor .
dr. athalye is a great_doctor .
dr. campbell picked a very great pa to help him out , because dr. campbell has become so busy because he is such a great_doctor .
------
topic 4:
i paid my 20.00 cop pay and was assured my insurance was in network .
i was given the verbal assurance that if they billed my insurance as out of pocket , they would not charge me anything .
i saw that my health_insurance has a $ 69 discount off the $ 200 billed , and that my insurance_paid them $ 104.83 , and that the amount i owe pfmc is $ 26.21 .
the charges were so outrageous my insurance did not cover everything and i was left with a balance .
i just got a bill in the mail from pfmc that i owe them $ 173.79 , and that my insurance only paid $ 26.21 for this 15 minute visit .
------
topic 5:
i feel_much stronger and confident that savannah at 360 physical_therapy helped me reach my goals for therapy .
it 's been 10 years that they have been helping me with a variety of rehab needs , two total knee replacements , shoulder injuries , and core strengthening after surgery .
i noticed from going to physical_therapy sessions at foothills that they do n't just rehabilitate .
i went in for physical_therapy after my first knee_injury .
after rehabbing my knee i started working with the athletic sports performance trainer chris !
------
topic 6:
the following_day 9:30am he is also busy and i am told to call_back ( all calls long_wait_times . )
i call that same day and the operator took a message to give to the on call_doctor so they would_call me back .
after all this , the office_called me to cancel my appt .
i made a call_back at 4:30 and he was on break , they told me to call_back .
they left me a voicemail to call_back by 5pm .
------
topic 7:
the first 2-3 days will feel very sore like you got a great workout but then you will feel amazing !
same thing in the morning and as horrible the food is the people will totally try to make it better for you if you just ask .
going forward this will be where i go because their level of service is always excellent and they truly have doctors that know what they are doing and take the time to listen to you when you already dont feel well which means a lot .
one of the most important things in life is to have a doctor who makes you feel valued as a person .
i felt_like they were trying to make me crazy or make me think i was crazy .
------
topic 8:
i have been my husband 's caregiver for about 10 years but unfortunately had to go to the er and then to the hospital the day of his admission .
the staff assured us that my 6 yr old_daughter could_come meet her new baby sister in the hospital , but apparently someone totally lied about that .
i only went to this hospital because it 's the only place my doctor delivers babies .
the children 's hospital er put my niece on a blood encrusted er bed the second_time we got here .
they did n't want to allow my boyfriend , which is my daughters father to stay in the room .
------
topic 9:
she listens to my issues and coordinates care very well , following up on even complex problems each time i am there .
he is a naturopath dr so insurance maybe an issue for you , but spending $ with dr luca is way cheaper in the long run than spending endless $ on drugs that never solve your problem .
good service , clean clinic , helpful staff i happen to live just two blocks from here this particular clinic on heatherbrae , so my decision to visit here was driven by distance first , then whether or not they took my insurance .
its not like all the problems my husband had would have been addressed anyways because of the two issue limit .
we went in the monday after his surgery and were told we would receive 15 minutes with the doctor and that they will only address 2 issues per visit ( the sign says : multiple issues require multiple appointments ; 2 issues per visit only ) .
------
topic 10:
i have been waiting an hour for my 4pm appt .
bottom_line , we waited an hour and 20 minutes to spend literally 3 minutes with a doctor or nurse_practitioner .
it 's a busy office but it 's ridiculous to have to sit and wait and wait and wait in that tiny claustrophobic room for anywhere from 45-60 mins waiting to see your doctor .
every_time i come in i wait for more than 15 minutes from my appointment_time .
i waited_another hour in the `` waiting_area '' in the back and then waited_another 1/2 hour_waiting for the doctor .
------
topic 11:
i look_forward to my visits for the expert treatment they provide as well as for the wonderful atmosphere they all create .
when i travel to vegas , one mandatory stop is to body resonance to see rowena for an authentic , healing and amazing treatment .
faz is an excellent rmt because he combines an in-depth knowledge of the body with an incredible skill focussing on long-term solutions instead of band-aid treatments .
from the beginning to the end of the treatment i was treated with outmost respect , outstanding application of most advanced techniques and genuine concern for my overall wellbeing .
as a psychotherapist , i highly_recommend her and her approach to my clients , as i , myself , have benefitted so much from her experience , knowledge , and willingness to share !
------
topic 12:
yoga , pilates , wirbelsäulengymnastik oder zirkeltraining .
das angebot umfasst insbesondere pilates-training , personal_training , physiotherapie und zahlreiche kurse , z.b .
45 grad warm und mit farbwechsler bestückt .
geöffnet : komplettbad : mo : 10 - 21 uhr di : 06 - 21 uhr mi bis fr : 08 - 21 uhr sa : 08 - 19 uhr so/fei : 08 - 17 uhr tarife : komplettbad : 5- 17 jahre : 3,30 eur ( tag - nur sa ! )
jedenfalls sind beide becken mit 31 grad angegeben .
------
topic 13:
they are out of rapid flu tests so they swab me with the flu test but have to send out to a lab , about 4 hours for results per doctor .
my new_doctor had me do a urine test that was sent out to a lab called pharmasan labs neuroscience a couple_months ago .
he immediately put me on medication but at the same time ordered blood_work for diabetes and tumor marker ca-125 .
he checked the knee then said i will order the labs and asked if we had medicine refills ( we did ) .
completely unprofessional , and their blatant refusal to give me a strep test before prescribing me medication resulted in me becoming even more sick than i was .
------
topic 14:
check the positive reviews and you will find that they were paid to write those positive reviews .
all you have to do is like and share their facebook page ... .and if you give a reivew on yelp you get an extra chance to win .
i think this review shows my vote .
if you have had similar experiences , i urge that you share them your review .
i highly_recommend that if you are considering nasm /afaa , go on full alert , do your research , talk around , check carefully sources for the positive reviews , the dates of those reviews , and make your decision .
------
topic 15:
the staff where very nice and helpful .
the office_staff was really polite and friendly , i didnt have to wait_long to see dr. lopez .
the office_staff was amazing , and it was always really easy to make_appointments .
all the staff where very professional and very nice .
the clerk at the front_desk was prompt and friendly ; likewise , the wait_time was extremely short .
------
topic 16:
i 've now had 2 massages at the kierland massage club , both great and relaxing .
i had a body massage and a foot_massage .
plus i really would n't mind returning for a body massage from the same masseuse , just not a foot_massage .
i get the feeling that , after we use the other groupon massage voucher , we will be back to sign up with kierland massage .
the masseuse i had was better at body massages than foot massages .
------
topic 17:
at 8:15 , i walk back up and say i need to leave so i can get to work on-time .
i fill out my paperwork , turn it in to the lady , and wait .
on the desk in the lobby there was a sign saying they only accept walk_ins until 6:15pm .
if the nurse requests a urine sample you need to : - leave the examining room and walk back to the reception_area - grab the key from the receptionist - walk through the waiting_room to the washroom - pee in your cup - wash your hands ( very important ) - exit looking as nonchalantly as possible walking through the waiting_room with your pee in a cup - give the key back to the receptionist - open the door and walk back to your examining room to give your cup to the nurse they should really look at a washroom close to the examining rooms .
i tear up my paperwork drive down to queen creek to another urgent_care , no one in the waiting_room , fill out my paperwork and give to the knowledgeable and friendly front_desk rep and i am seen by dr within 5 minutes .
------
topic 18:
front_desk girls are horrible and rude and clearly do n't know how to do their job , lose the attitude because there are plenty of people who would love your job .
i 'm not very impressed with the treatment you get from the front_office girls specially the manager carol she 's very rude does n't have any clue of how to treat people with kindness and respect she is the reason why i give this place 1 star .
on top of that most of the staff here is rude uncaring and just do n't give a damn as for the doctor he was probably the only nice person there .
just a horrible_experience long_wait_times uncaring staff and just unorganized worse medical_clinic i 've ever been to and i hope this last_visit is the only visit today as i really do n't want to come_back here again i would n't even send my worse enemy to this place it 's that bad .
if these people dont like to handle peoples piss for drug_test then maybe they should go work somewhere_else and not cope an attitude .
------
topic 19:
i love this place , staff very friendly & knowledgeable .
his staff is great and always_helpful .
dr davis and his staff are amazing .
dr. cristy has an amazing and professional facility .
i absolutely_love wonderful smiles .
------
