topic 0:
i feel_good .
also my neck , shoulder , and back_pain are also about 95 % gone now .
i decided to see a chiropractor through the advise of a colleague .
i highly_recommend az chiropractic .
so i decided to go , and now i go at least once a week sometimes more .
------
topic 1:
after about 10 min .
so i went in .
10 stars for this er , trauma , and burn center !
i told you i got an ear_infection in may .
old review of dr. tinlin : in 2003 i saw dr. tinlin twice .
------
topic 2:
i know that a lot of people loathe going to see a doctor , it sucks right ?
this is a great reflection on them .
however , it does not make them a good , nor worth it practice to be seen at .
i always refer her to other people who are looking for an amazing physician that truly_cares about their health !
they also have a lab onsite , which makes it convenient for patients to get_blood work_done right after their appointment .
------
topic 3:
i never_feel like she 's in a rush or just trying to get to the next_patient .
if you 're looking for a great pcp i highly_recommend him .
they were just impersonal and all about shuffling cattle .
i highly_recommend dr. campbell to anyone suffering from pain he is just the greatest in he 's field .
only the best of the best work in boston .
------
topic 4:
i did n't realize that i owed her $ 30 .
i did n't realize that i owed her $ 30 .
hey , perhaps i received 3000 $ worth of care .
a few weeks_later i get a bill for $ 465.00 !
i saw that my health_insurance has a $ 69 discount off the $ 200 billed , and that my insurance_paid them $ 104.83 , and that the amount i owe pfmc is $ 26.21 .
------
topic 5:
while dave was fun to work with .
http : //www.yelp.com/biz/orthopedic-clinic-association-tempe # hrid : wm7fn8fkyewy9sedrvamhw had the opportunity to work with dave hogarth , the clinic director .
if i ever have problems again , ( which i probably will with my adventures ) , i know exactly who to turn to !
overall i had an awesome experience with foothills , everything about it was great !
overall , very nice , no frills , `` gets-the-job-done '' facility .
------
topic 6:
nothing .
this is a continuation of service .
if you are a patient or considering being a patient - plan a 2-4 hour window for a single visit .
and then hung up on !
what a friggin ' idiot !
------
topic 7:
i prefer that .
again , it was a different person .
life long patient , tiffani r. palich
i let her know i have a therapist and i am looking for a psychiatrist .
it 's irritating that a doctor ca n't look at that and write me a prescription for 12 months worth of refills .
------
topic 8:
family who might know what 's going on ... .
no .
never again will i go to umc .
no bath in 3 weeks .
that mw owner of team select just won a 26.7 million dollar law suit against the owner of mga !
------
topic 9:
when his clinic was on alma school/warner , i loved him .
this is a review revolving around several negative interactions with this office in person , and on the telephone .
i 've been coming here for a few years , off and on , with various injuries from distance running .
two_weeks after seeing ron , not only was i running six miles , i was doing so without calf compression sleeves and i began training for my first half marathon !
i am planning to arrange for training classes with ron so that he can continue to support me in my running career .
------
topic 10:
ugh .
oh .
and on top of that i wait_another 15-30 minutes .
15 mins later ( now waiting an hour 15 mins ) i approached the counter again demanding an explanation why the dr was taking so long .
i was n't taken_back to a room until 2:25 .
------
topic 11:
if you are looking for a top practitioner-look no further !
rowena also takes great pride in sharing the amazing work of mfr with other practitioners , clients and to others .
it was also interfering with my ability to practice yoga .
special thanks to the physiotherapist , parham salek , who was a determined advocate to getting me better .
being both a medical_professional and a professional athlete , i am very selective with the practitioners that i go to for treatment .
------
topic 12:
dort herrschen 34 ° wasser-temperatur vor .
ich war vor kurzem das erste mal hier .
aber auch hier : störende flutlichter von oben statt weicher unterwasser-scheinwerfer .
informiert wurde er über meine beschwerde offenbar nicht .
sehr gut für probleme mit den atemwegen und nicht nur für starke raucher zu empfehlen .
------
topic 13:
i said no , she said $ 275 dollars .
i called the dr and he called in an over the counter rx for acid reflux and said to continue other medication .
geez , a $ 50 cough suppressant ?
i end up getting an anti biotic , two nasal sprays and mucinex .
i began the amoxicillin as i was prescribed .
------
topic 14:
this program is filled with flaws .
ummm ... .what happened to chapters 2-12 ?
back to morris , md .
dr .
i agree with ralph m. what is it with this physical_therapist ?
------
topic 15:
overall , i am going_back !
i was referred to dr. lopez-benitez from my gyn who no longer takes on ob patients .
thank you again , dr !
long waiting_time .
then when i show up there is nobody in the waiting_room .
------
topic 16:
i delayed writing this review for a few reasons .
i have been going here for years .
i 'm used to paying $ 120 , for a good 1 hour swedish .
- plenty of free parking available .
a+ service , will go_back !
------
topic 17:
for the next_morning .
then i sat down .
after i finished i went to turn it in .
can i say lost of communication again ... grrr !
i felt_like i was imposing on him for going in .
------
topic 18:
irons !
still wishing i could_give a zero star .
if i could_give zero_stars i would !
i wish i could_give zero_stars .
dr. adams is a wonderful_doctor .
------
topic 19:
g jaffe
lol
glenn
a follow-up appt showed everything was healing very well .
: ) keep up the great_work !
------
