You never know how awesome a service or staff is until shit hits the fan and it's crunch time. For this reason, Dr. Bauer and her assistant deserve way more than 5 stars, and I owe everyone an update on this review.  I've had a handful of doctor's appointments over the past few weeks, four of them with Dr. Bauer. Not once have I had an issue and every single time there is nothing but helpfulness whenever I have to have yet another crazy unheard of test ran. They've spent countless hours working on the paperwork I need to submit with all the results without appearing hassled or bothered. They've also promptly called me when my results are in or for any other status update I request.  Additionally, they are very patient when my prescription company acts like an asshat. Due to circumstances I needed to have a 6 month fill of my prescription rather than the typical 3 month I receive. When I emailed my prescription company, they told me this was possible if the doctor's office called it in. However, my doctor's assistant tried several times and got nowhere. Today I was there with her and she patiently tried one last time and made sure my prescription went through as requested. It was something that she really didn't need to do but kindly did for me despite how much of a pain in the ass it was.  Without a doubt I recommend Dr. Bauer and her assistant 110%.
In my adult years, I've become a tried-and-true doctor snob. I don't like waiting for extended periods of time. I hate calling to schedule an appointment when I'm sick and being told I can't be seen for two weeks. I loathe feeling like my doctor doesn't care about me. Dr. Gibson and staff might be psychic because they surpassed all of my expectations from start to finish.  I only sat in the waiting room for 5 minutes before I was called back. My nurse, Pam, was legit. So sweet, so friendly, and made sure I was comfortable. Dr. Gibson was just lovely. She spent 20 minutes in my room, actively listening and getting to know me. She assured me that she's set up her office to accommodate same-day appointments in urgent cases - love! They also do lab work in house. I'm so happy and relieved to finally have found a PCP who cares about me as a patient.  Five star doctor, five star office, five star experience.
Dr. Johnsen treated me for a sports related knee injury. He was professional, efficient and most importantly, got me back to my running routine with minimal pain. Their office is also convenient as all imaging (MRI and X-ray) are in house. Will be back if needed!
The absolute worst doctors office I have been to since I have been in Vegas. You wait for hours, even with an appointment. You have schedule office visits months in advance. The only reason I went there for so long is because Dr. Shin is an awesome doctor. HPN doesn't offer him as a PCP anymore, so there was no reason for me to continue to go there. The other doctors there do not want to do anything for you. They act like they are trying to save the insurance companies money. They make you wait forever, then rush you out. They are the perfect example of the worst health care system (Las Vegas) has to offer you. Avoid this place if at all possible. Dr. Shin still works in the urgent care here though, if you ever need it. He is great doctor and a good guy.
I went to see Dr. Liu. He seemed like a great doctor. The office staff was so rude when I tried to schedule my surgery, I decided to go to another doctor.
The owner Joe is very thorough and cares about his clients. I'm from NY and so is he and he made me feel very comfortable being it was my first time for physical therapy. His wife at the front was incredibly kind as well. I was seen an hour earlier.
Dr. Jones was great. Very personable and really spent the time to get to know me. He asked me so many questions to try and properly diagnose me. A lot of the time, doctors will try and get you in and out but not here. Great job!
After having my second baby and attempting to hit the gym and get back in shape, my body just didn't seem to be on the same page. I had aches and pains like never before and decided to seek out a chiropractor in hopes for some advise. Dr. P and Dr. Tory took such good care of me, explained how the structure of my body had changed through the pregnancy and birthing process and needed some adjustments to get back on track. They gave me a treatment plan, with a goal to be finished in three months. Here I am after the three months and I am able to work out, run, and cycle like I am 20 again!   Everyone that works at this office is so genuine and knowledgable. I have really built a relationship with them, rather than just feeling like another nameless face needing to be adjusted. Don't believe the negative stigma associated with chiropractors. They really help so much, especially AFC!
Dr Lee was recommended to me by a friend after being bothered by some shoulder pain from weight lifting.  It's close to my work and from the reception to Dr Lee it's an overall pleasant experience.  The facility is nice and easy to access, especially if you're working in the financial district.  It was a painful first session but I really needed it after the pain I was experiencing the weeks before.  I went to Physiomed a couple times before and it was the most useless excuse for treatment I have ever received.  No working the shoulder and no relief.  They just kept going over the area with an ultrasound pulsing machine and I paid about $80 for each treament.   Dr Lee really listened to what was bothering me and worked my shoulder in.  I was sweating bullets in my first session but the same day my shoulder felt good as new.  He also gave me some light exercises to do in my spare time to work my shoulder and even out the muscle.   Overall a great experience and glad that my shoulder finally feels better.  I would highly recommend this clinic to my friends and family and will return for future treatments.
I was very impressed. I have been searching for a good massage since I arrived in the Phoenix area.  I have found such a place in Lifequest.  Shana, the masseuse, was VERY good and understood my muscular issues right away. She treated me properly and I feel much better today than I have in months.  Lifequest will be my new 'goto' establishment for massage and skeleton health.
Not bad. Wait time is always long at these urgent care facilities, but the place was clean and the staff friendly.
I went to the Pain Center of Arizona as Dr. Matthew Doust had treated my mother before she passed.  On the first visit he started me on new pain prescription and started authorization for injections for my neck and back.  On the same visit I signed a contract to not receive any pain meds from another doctor without their permission.  I was also given a drug test by oral swab.  This happened in May 5, 2016.  On May 27, 2016, I had an operation where I was prescribed 12 Percocets.  I left 4 messages that day to find out if I could fill the prescription.  By 5pm I had still not heard anything back so I called the on-call service and left another message, still nothing back.  My next appointment was on June 3, 2016.  I was escorted into a room where the nurse practitioner came in 10 minutes later and informed me that I had tested positive for Heroine.  This was very upsetting to me as not only do I not do drugs, I don't even drink alcohol.  I pleaded for a second test as the first must have been a false positive.  I was advised there would be no second test and that Dr. Doust was discharging me from his services.  I couldn't believe it.  I called the patient relations and asked if I had another test done would the Doctor take me back, I was advised no.  Therefore, I was taken off of pain medicines and dropped.  On June 8, 2016, I paid $ 225.00 out of my pocket to have a hair follicle test run that would go back 90 days.  It was worth it to me to prove Dr. Doust wrong.  If this happens to anyone else don't take it lying down if you know you are truly innocent.
The office is awesome. It is painted everywhere with fun cartoons to keep kids eyes busy. The Service is excellent, Dr. Sheppard is super knowledgeable and great with working with little ones. A close friend recommended this place to me and they have never let me down.
When Turntable first opened, they were FANTASTIC! However, they have now gone the way of every other health care provider in the valley. Forget about reaching anyone or having any request taken care of in a timely manner. Used to be able to get same-day appointments - now I have to wait weeks to see anyone.  Some of the health coaches there seem to be sullen and angry - about what I'm not sure, but they are certainly not "coaches" any more. Now I see my primary doctor - Dr. Gokal - has left. He was wonderful. So now I'm wondering why I'm paying $80 a month to get the same level of "service" I can get from any other health care provider here in Las Vegas.
This place is absolutely horrible. Their receptionists try to avoid work. Their bookings/availability is months out. When a family doctor leaves, they notify you with a latter and book you 3 months out to "meet and greet" a new one. If you don't like it, wait another 2-3 months. It'll be a year before you see your family physician.   I'd stay away from MCI.
You will not regret going to Dr. Skabo. I was referred to him by a friend and I will never let him go. Now my whole family goes including my 3 year old son. As a side note he is great with children! He is good at explaining why you are hurting and even at finding the problem spots right away when you tell him how you have been feeling. He has helped me with back, hip, and all over joint pain. I cannot reccomend him enough. Super nice, very smart, and always welcoming. Cecelia is awesome she always remembers who we are and makes us feel welcome right when we enter.
2 years ago, when I needed to have physical therapy (known henceforth as PT) after my acl surgery, I came here and worked with Lauren whom I LOVED and ADORED.  She has since moved on to have her own practice. Good thing before she left, she told me how great Ben is so when my 6 year old son needed PT for his neck and back, I knew just who to ask for. Luckily for us, Ben does do pediatric PT as my son is 6 years old.  He was soooo great with my son, my son loved going to the sessions.  In fact, he looked forward to them.  As the mother, you can imagine how touched and grateful I am to Ben that while he was healing my son, he was also playing games with him, making him laugh and happy. Ben made my son feel like he was more than just another "case" to him.  He made my son feel like he cared about him. I am also soooo appreciative of the endless patience Ben had for me as he answered ALL of my questions regarding my concerns and worries for my son's recovery. I think I can write for all parents that when we take our kids to the doctors, physical therapist, ANYWHERE, we want to go to a place where we feel cared for and feel like we can trust the person that is working with our kids and Ben is definitely that person. The facility itself is conveniently located off the 51 & Bell.  The space is large and has everything you would need for full recovery.  The owner Richard is very nice.  The front office staff is super friendly and nice.  And of course, this location has the two best physical therapists on the planet (Lauren who worked with me but has since go on to have her own practice) and BEN who just might be one of Andrew's favorite guy of all time.  Hugs all around to everyone here!
Great friendly people who really care about your recovery.  Was seen quick and promptly but was not rushed through process.  There is a reason they are highly regarded in the ortho community. I highly recommend this place!
This is a review for my nurse practitioner, Courtney. I drive 45 minutes just to see her every two-three months. She's very patient, warm, listens without interruption, and she makes you feel like you can tell her anything. I've never been this excited to go see a primary caregiver. Thank god my husband's insurance covers my visitation here!!! The wait time is approx. 5-30 minutes. Other staffs (CNAs, receptionists) are also amicable & professional. This facility is small, clean and has two TVs & play room for small children in the waiting lounge. It says walk ins are welcome, but I would recommend making an appointment.
Dr. Tice is an excellent doctor that treats both metabolic and hormonal imbalances. I have seen more than my fair share of doctors for treatment of early menopause (and now post-menopause) symptoms and found that most doctors just want to put me on the standard suite of hormone replacement therapy (which really did not work for me).  I finally gave up and went off treatment until I found Dr. Tice.  His treatment program looks at the whole picture at what might be going on with your body.  I was tired, run-down and starting to gain a lot of weight.  He treated both my metabolic symptoms (e.g., thyroid and other digestive issues) and my menopausal symptoms (hot flashes, brain fog, etc.).   At first I was a bit skeptical of the treatment program because it was a different approach to standard medical treatment. But I went with it, and after about 3 months, I started to really feel the results as Dr. Tice fine-tuned my supplements and prescriptions.  He is easy to talk to and listens to your complaints and compliments. I really liked that the treatment was based not only on how your feeling but also a comprehensive blood testing program that includes testing for parameters that most other doctors ignore of won't order for you.    In addition to balancing my metabolic system and hormones, I lost weight (22 pounds!), and gained more energy which allowed me to exercise more. Granted I put myself on a healthy diet to compliment this treatment and set a calorie count limit on my daily food consumption.  I became pretty dedicated to making this work, I wanted to go into the next decades of my life feeling great!    I have been seeing Dr. Tice now for about 9 months and found the nurses and staff to be friendly and professional.  I have had no issues making appointments or getting in to see the Doctor. I am also a "cash" pay customer at this time.  So far the cash pay fees have been reasonable.
This is a great pediatric practice. I've been taking my son here after he was born. The doctors are caring and knowledgeable. The nurses and from Front desk staff are caring. I've never felt pressured about anything and all my questions have always been answered. I've dealt with 6 of the doctors in the practice, 3 on a pretty regular basis. Our primary doctor is Dr. Tyabji. She is excellent and very caring. She has called me at home to personally ask how how son is doing or to check on his condition. She has also called me to give me test results. I don't know many doctors nowadays that will do that. Dr. Naiman is also very good. He helped us quite a bit in conjunction with Dr. Tyabji when we were dealing with a pretty bad MRSA infection. I highly recommend this practice.
I'm an existing patient. Granted, I haven't been to the doctor in three years. I didn't need to. I've had two kids in three years and during this period, my OB acted as my primary. In any case, I called to make an appt with Dr Sparks in order to get a check-up and get some blood work done. I was told that I could make an appt (15 min slot) to meet and discuss what I would need but the next appt I could get would not be for six weeks. WTF! I don't recall any of my visits taking more than 15 mins. So why would I schedule an appt to discuss things that need to be done when in that 15 mins, all those things can be done. Looks like I need a new doctor. One that thinks more of patient care instead of how to bill insurance for an extra visit that involves no care.   It's a shame. She used to be a good doctor.
If I could rate Arrowhead Health Centers with no stars I would. This office has no respect for their patients at all. I gave the benefit of the doubt and decided to ignore their poor reviews - big mistake. If you are considering making an appointment, I highly do not suggest it.   I originally went in for my severe back pain and I was sent to SimonMed to get an X-ray. As I was about to get my X-ray, the technician informed me that she would be taking an X-ray of my neck. I was very confused by this because the pain was in my back, not my neck. She informed me that I would need to contact my doctor and that she would need to explain to me why she wanted an X-ray of my neck.   When I tried to contact my doctor I was told that she was out of the office and would hear back from her when she returned. Obviously I didn't receive a call back and decided to contact her again. This time when I called, I was informed that she was out of town and would be out for the following week. The receptionist explained that I would need to come back in for a reevaluation. I questioned if I would need to pay the copay again and she said yes. I asked for her manager and she placed me on hold for 10 minutes to only come back to tell me that their manager was busy and that I had to leave a voicemail. One week passes and I have still yet to hear back from this "manager". I decided to call again. Once again their manager is not available but this time the receptionist explained that she would pass along my number and make sure that I got a call back. Unfortunately, once again no call back. I decided to give it one last try. This time the receptionist tried to get me in contact with their district manager. However, he wasn't available of course. I was told that he is very good about returning phone calls and to just leave him a voicemail.  I never got the call back from the manager nor district manager. Let's not forget, that after 2 weeks I still never received a phone call from my doctor like I was promised. Also, I am still experiencing chronic back pain and never received any help.  I do not recommend this place to anyone and I will most definitely be filing a complaint with my insurance company.
Dr Putlitz helped me when i was in so much pain! Although i felt like i was on a convener belt and we were all just herded thru. no personalization. i was having a epidural and i was already in agony. he asked me why i was crying. I won't be going back I also saws a surgeon  who was the meanest rudest doctor i have ever experienced! I will be going some where else!
Excellent doctor and excellent team members! It was my first time with them and i loved it! I totally recommend this clinic and this team   Excelente doctor e equipa! Fue mi primera vez con ellos y me encanto! Recomendo mucho esta clinica e esta equipa
I have a wonderful doctor by my home but a friend suggested, Dr Bonnie. So I made the trek to Glendale to give her a shot. I am NOT impressed. Dr Bonnie didn't make me feel comfortable at all. Her staff during and after the visit left a lot to be desired as well. I don't feel that ANY of the girls working there or Dr Bonnie have any compassion for me. And that's unbelievable considering I am a low maintenance cash pay patient. They just lost an easy patient.
Super friendly staff will have you fixed in no time! My girlfriend had been hounding me for months to schedule an appointment before final scheduling for me. I am so glad she took the initiative! Now I have a standing appointment to correct my issue tebbbg
Great concept for making chiropractic care so affordable! To that I give an A+. In the past going to corporate chain chiropractors, I have felt like a cow being herded amongst all of the other people who are also seeking treatment. Plus the upselling I totally fell for bc I trust the DR, then had buyers remorse later... At The Joint there is none of that. They give you personalized one on one care, you don't feel like they are rushing to take care of the line of people waiting. My only complaint here is that the adjustments I've received here are not as thorough as ones I've had in the past, and while I feel an improvement, it's not as dramatic of a difference that I used to feel with my old chiropractors who gave the thorough adjustments. When I question him he says he doesn't want to worsen my condition, but to return at least twice per week. I sort of feel like it could be on purpose so that I will have to return more frequently. Who knows, but I would still recommend this place over other places I've been in the past simply for cost, efficiency and convenience (10-15 min in and out, minimal waiting, and locations to choose from)
I got suckered in to the office by an offer for a free massage. During the massage the masseuse commented my neck had a bone sticking out and "that's definitely not normal!" I was freaked out so when she told me to let them xray it I said OK! That's when the sales pitch began. They ended up selling me a pricey package of adjustments with physical therapy and told me I needed to come like 4 times a week! This was my first experience with a chiro so I believed them and started my treatments. Long story short, the time consuming PT visits did not help me at all, in fact I had better success with weight training/stretching and yoga on my own than their joke program that they call physical therapy. Not to mention it gets quite crowded after 5 pm and boy do u feel unimportant like they just wanna get u through. The best thing about this office and why it gets 3 stars instead of 1 or zero, is Dr's. Vogel and Grinder were wonderful.The best adjustments I've ever had, effective, thorough and gentle. I still have not found a chiropractor with those important qualities to date, and it has been several years. If you are looking for good chiropractors and are considering going here, I think they definitely are, but just be aware of the sales pitch.
I started physical therapy here about three weeks ago after being referred by my GP. As other reviewers have noted, this is a small office but I can assure you that it has all the skills and resources needed to provide a great experience. It's low key and friendly and they have done great at accommodating my schedule. Even on the days when it's busy you always get personal attention and questions are answered. My shoulder isn't all well yet but I've definitely already made progress and am very thankful for that!
FINALLY!!! I found a doctor that actually cares about her patients. Pretty unbelievable, huh?  After hearing me complain about other doctors, a friend of mine has been encouraging me to check out Dr. Lau for a while now. When the nasty, July dust storms started to harass my sinuses this summer, I decided to finally make an appointment.   I have to say that I was impressed with just about everything at this office. They squeezed me in on the same day (my friend says she can always get in the same day or the next), the office was easy to find and very clean, and I received excellent patient care. I felt like a complete idiot when I realized I had left my wallet (which contained both my insurance card and my money) at home, but the women at the front desk told me not to worry and were more than willing to make an exception in their pay-at-the-time-of-service-policy for me. (I called later and made my payment over the phone.) But I have to say that I was most impressed with the way I was treated by Dr. Lau.  When I was placed in the appointment room, I did have a little bit of a wait, but the staff were kind enough to check on me regularly and inform me of the reason for the long wait. When Dr. Lau did come in (maybe 15 or 20 minutes later) she apologized profusely which is already better treatment than I usually receive at a doctor's office. What really shocked me was when Dr. Lau, herself, sat down and went through my health history with me. I typically fill out a paper and never hear another word about it so I was very surprised and pleased when Dr. Lau took the time to discuss everything with me. She also asked about the reference I received and I was shocked when she began talking to me all about how great my friend is. She actually knows her patients by name! That never happens anymore!   When it comes to my medical problems, I have struggled with sinus issues since moving to Arizona years ago. I have received all sorts of suggestions and prescriptions on how to improve the problem, but I still frequently end up with sinus infections. Dr. Lau was able to give me some recommendations (non prescription) that actually cleared up the problem and amazingly didn't result in another sinus infection. I was so pleased! I also love that they sign you up for an online account and email you all the medication info you need. Dr. Lau assured me that if I had any questions or concerns that I could email her at any time through that account. If necessary, they even call in your prescriptions for you. Pretty awesome!   So after this great experience, what is it that I really loved? Welp, I have to say that it really felt great to be treated like a person instead of just one more appointment. Dr. Lau was so kind and caring. My friend has been coming to her for years and her daughter (also a patient of Dr. Lau) has been driving up from Ahwatukee for even longer. I plan to be a patient for just as long. So yes, it's true, doctors who care DO still exist!
I am giving Dr Adams 5 stars because she is an excellent doctor who actually takes the time to listen and go over your medical care. Yes her wait time is between 2-3 hours but I would rather go to a doctor who cares about my care and well being then go to a doctor who take 2-3 minutes with you and leaves.
I sat in the waiting room for three hours and watched a Packers playoff game while dude almost died of pneumonia in the back. Took an hour for him to be seen and almost two hours for treatment. Everyone else was in and out in a fraction of the time compared to my walking corpse though so he's a special case. Smelled super funny but you get used to it. TV reception ain't great--I believe they use a paper clip chain as an antenna? But hey they're open late and on Sundays so what can you do.
Great Doctors I have to say! They actually take the time to listen. I will say their staff Very unprofessional and very rude . ( because of staff MINUS 1 star )
Hello, I got into a car accident this past summer and Dr. Mike and his crew really helped me out a lot. I was referred to them by some friends and I was surprised at the rehab they do along with the awesome Chiropratic work. All the doctors and staff know what they are doing. The office is always clean and a really nice place. Try them you will be happy, I was.
Either a very close friend of the owner or the owner herself decided to contact me two days ago after I had not contacted the business in over a year. Due to the initial harassment I did my best to avoid contact with this person and warned them that I would seek legal action if they continued to contact me. It is extremely unprofessional and I will recommend to avoid this business at all costs.
Dr. Matin  is the best doctor, always taking extra time , ordering tests and trying to help you with whatever is wrong! Office staff is the best! Hours are great!
I have been coming to the dentsl clinic for over two years!  My experience has always been positive - both with the student dentists and the licensed dental faculty.   The students are quite good at what they do, and have to have an instructor before proceeding.  It is my experience that these signoffs are not just  perfunctory - they are real.  Therefore,  the students are doing the learning and "grunt work " but the licensed dentists are on top of  everything.   The only downside I would sat is this is not fast food!  Therefore if you are always in a,hurry,  this is NOT your place.  For a regular dentist office it's always production oriented.  Every thing is is chop chop.  Not so here.  They are very good,  but speed is not part of the equation.   Based on  my experience, I recommend the Dental Clinic without  reservation.   Most people will be pleasantly surprised.
Can I give her 6 stars please? Dr. Bakty is seriously the best doctor I have ever been to, and Linda (her side-kick/receptionist) is so personable that I consider her more of a friend. Dr. B listens to everything I say and is amazing at seeing the whole picture with her patients. I came into her office hopeless. I had completely given up on doctors and this was my last-ditch effort to feel better. I had so many things going on and no one else cared. We have been slowly chipping away at what's really going on in my body, and within a week of seeng her I felt like a person again. In addition to helping me get results, she didn't overcharge me. She makes her services affordable and Linda is so easy to reach when I need something. Even the supplements I needed were affordable, and they are prescription grade too!! As well as homeopathic and highly researched. Dr. B is so knowledgeable and cares about her patients. She is my first point of contact for everything and always nudges me in the right direction. If you're hoping for your doctor search to end this is the right place!
Yeah probably not going to come back to Renaissance. My experience as far as booking the appointment and accessing my patient portal was great as the technology they have is pretty superior. Aside from this, I really relate to the review below where a gentleman said that he felt like a number at this establishment. My appointment was at 10am, I waited in the lobby until around 10:30, then I didn't even see the doctor until around 11:05. When Dr. Imani came in she chatted with me which was nice, I stated my concerns and she brushed them aside as if they weren't a big deal. It felt more like a therapy session than a doctors visit as it seemed like she just wanted to get me out of the room. Before my appointment, I was not instructed to fast for any blood work, yet when I came in they shrugged and told me I could come in for a separate visit to complete this. I have a full time job, I don't have time to be in and out of the doctors office. After having my blood pressure checked and my temperature measured, I was sent on my way with nothing but time wasted. Seems like a joke to me to have to pay for a visit where I was basically told that stress is the only thing thats wrong with me and that I have to take it easy. Needless to say, Renaissance is not getting another copay from me to have my blood taken when I could have done all of this in one visit. I already dislike having to take time off to go to the doctors office unless something is really wrong...this has only put me off more...
My first visit to see him and I was pleasantly surprised.  He is young, energetic and shows a real concern for my overall health.  He has all the new knowledge about procedures and tests and doesn't waste your time by trying to have you go through a bunch of unnecessary items. Has a really good personality and a sense of humor.  If you are looking for Marcus Welby then he is not your physician!
Please find another clinic!!!  Receptionists: -gossip for the 2 hours I was waiting ( I was told would be a 45 min wait).  -appear unprofessional -there were 5 or so staff behind the tiny desk (not sure why.. only one was truly working the whole time)  Doctor: -Dr. Feld was talking over me the entire time -He does not listen -does not make eye contact -rude -in a major hurry from the moment he flew in the door -zero bedside manners  There are some excellent walk-ins in toronto... google, yelp, and go to another one!
If you're in no rush and have an open schedule for about two hours then this is the place for you. Showed up 5 minutes early to my appointment and still waited 45 minutes in the waiting room. I even asked how long the wait would be and if it were going to be longer than 40 minutes then I need to reschedule.  If only that were the end of all my waiting but  NOPE, somehow waiting inside of a room for another 30 minutes just waiting for Dr. Larry. Just so that he could spend 10 minutes in a room with me. Thanks a lot for not caring about anyone's time here, it's really appreciated.  Why don't you stop talking to each other all day long and do your jobs? Never going back to any Sobel office again.
Referred by a friend.  Called to make an appointment. ALWAYS long wait times over the phone, all day. Came in here for routine check up and screening and flu shot and prescription.  Only seen the nurse practitioner. Never saw the doctor.  She told me she would get back to me with results either way.  The visit was pleasant.  This was Oct 21.  Fast forward it is now Nov 25. I called a week ago because my prescription isn't covered under my insurance pending doctor's prior authorization.  Made AT LEAST 5 calls regarding this (no exaggeration). All long call wait times, not always given a call back.  I asked for my results out of curiosity only because I already have them on the phone. Only to find apparently the lab never gave them results.  They left me a voicemail to call back by 5pm.  I made a call back at 4:30 and he was on break, they told me to call back.  4:45 and I just get sent directly to voicemail. The following day 9:30am he is also busy and I am told to call back (all calls long wait times.) Finally it is 2pm and I get results that require a follow up?!   Had I not requested the results I would never have known.  One month later, at my request, after 2 days  (after I request) waiting time, I get information that I need.  UNACCEPTABLE.  So I call the specialist they referred and my follow up appt is DEC EIGHTEEN!   On top of that I call again today.  It was necessary for them to give me a call back (of course.) Low and behold I am still waiting for prior authorization on a time sensitive prescription.  I am really upset, frustrated, and do not feel well cared for.
Went here on a work injury at 7am on a Saturday after a holiday.  Everyone warned me of 4+ hour wait. When I arrived there were maybe only 6 people waiting. From the time I sat to the the time I got out 3 1/2 hours.  There are tvs is the waiting room.  A nice little coffee machine with a good coffee and tea selection.  There's a room just for eye exams.  I also got some head X-rays.  The good advantage is to get everything I needed in one place. No need for referrals and additional wait times.  I'm satisfied with the doctors examination. However the wait is long here and I hope I never need to come back.
Friendly people with a lot of Expertise. I am very impressed, today was my first visit.. I will keep you posted.
I have been coming to this clinic since it opened. I've seen almost all the doctors who have gone through the office.  Two have been outstanding; Dr Hailstone and Courtney PA.   Both are young and what I think of small town doctors to be. Nothing like the doctors I've seen all my life in Las Vegas. They actually listen and respond with compassion  The front desk staff is also excellent. It wasn't always that way but it is now. The MA's are always good as is Dr Forte herself.
I love this place and have been a regular customer for over 4 years.  I have had several amazing therapists, each has been very skillful and responsive.   My most recent visit was with Jordan, who is a gifted, intuitive therapist who always tailors my treatment to my needs. I had a 90 minute deep tissue focusing on several problem areas and she was able to release knots that had been plaguing me for a couple weeks.
I fractured my fibula on the 22nd of May. I went to urgent care on that same day, was put in a boot, and was referred to Ortho-Arizona. My appointment was the 24th. with Dr. Tindall didn't even take me out of the boot. He didn't look at my ankle at all. He took a quick glance at the X-Rays done by the urgent care and said that he didn't see a fracture, so he wasn't going to take me out of the boot and X-Ray me again. He told me to take ibuprofen for the pain and that he'd see me again in a month or so. A few days later, I was in so much pain, taking over 8 ibuprofen a day, that we decided to go to the Mayo Clinic Hospital in Phoenix. They did X-Rays and said that my fibula was fractured, but I was very lucky it wasn't displaced. I was put in a cast and given a prescription for percocet.   I truly believe that if I had just listened to this doctors advice, my ankle would have become displaced. Now I am stuck with a bill from Ortho-Arizona and I don't think I should have to pay for a doctor, that should be retired, to tell me he saw nothing wrong with my ankle. It has taken me awhile to write this review, as I am still upset about the whole thing.
Thank you management for understanding about my hearing issues. This place is great. I showed up at the wrong time and heard the wrong time on phone. They were so understanding and reschedule me with my super awesome therapist named Nicky.  Great service with very nice staff. Hurray.
i have seen dr. patel for over 10 years. my children and family love him. he is very caring and a really good doctor. if your tired of your old doctor this is the person to see.  .
Horrible. Never have they answered my phonecalls or returned my calls. Failed to send out prescriptions multiple times. Staff is rude and lacks empathy. Doctor is a joke.
Got neuropathy - numbness or tingling in your feet? Go to Arrowhead... great team. Dr. Ed Smith is very personable, knowlegeable, and explains things so you can understand. Dr. Biggs is the chiropractic guru and spends as much time as you need.  Kim, Phil and Shelby (sometimes) fill out the team with each bringing their own personality to the rehab floor. Emerald and Shelby are on the front desk and great one immediately upon entering the office. The key element is that all seem to love their jobs, have a good time with it, and impart this feeling to the patients. Arrowhead program managers handle the insurance aspects and do a wonderful job. All in all, a good experience and they are always on time... very little waiting!
I arrived at 8:15 for an 8:30am appointment, in case there was additional paperwork for me to complete; I was somewhat thrown off by needing to submit a co-pay prior to my service, but let it go. While waiting to be called back, I used the restroom, which was slightly cleaner than that of a typical gas station (paper towel dispenser was on the floor, soap dispenser required multiple pumps to get anything out, visible dirt on the floor and walls.)  The Medical Assistant called me back at 8:45am; she was unconcerned at my BP of 130/70 when it is usually 100/60, and left my medical records open on the computer (during the subsequent hour, I read over them to discover they were incorrect despite our going through my medial history.) At 9:30a, when there was still no sign of Dr. Okeke, despite my being one of the first two appointments of the morning, I had to leave in order to make it to work on time. I will not be returning to this office, and suggest that, unless you have an entire day cleared to see her, you look elsewhere.
LOVE DR.O  She totally is a phenomenal doctor! She has respected my choice in trying things naturally with vitamins and or therapies as I would like but also takes her time with her patients and reviews all ur concerns.
Dr. Steve at Global Chiropractic is awesome! The staff is very friendly and professional; always smiling. I am given a massage before every adjustment. When we first started going here my wife had a bad knee and I had a bad shoulder and I was always fatigued throughout the day. After a few visits my posture was better at work (desk job) and I have a lot more energy these days. My wife's knee is also much better. I would absolutely recommend Global Chiropractic and Dr. Steve to anyone considering chiropractic care!
After suffering a serious concussion I found Cornerstone Physio therapy and have worked with both Joon and Jocelyn.  I have had serious back and foot issues and tried many physios - and let's face it there are good and bad ones.  I can't say enough good things about Cornerstone.  Joon cured me of my BPPV (vertigo after the fall that caused the concussion) and helped me to be confident back on my feet asap, and actually with better balance than before the fall.  He recommended Jocelyn to help with the whiplash I suffered from the fall.  Jocelyn has magical hands - she knows exactly where to push, pull, stretch, hold to help loosen and heal.  The office staff at both locations are patient and kind.  This practice is professional and caring - I have recommended them to friends and family.
After suffering a serious concussion I found Cornerstone Physio therapy and have worked with both Joon and Jocelyn.  I have had serious back and foot issues and tried many physios - and let's face it there are good and bad ones.  I can't say enough good things about Cornerstone.  Joon cured me of my BPPV (vertigo after the fall that caused the concussion) and helped me to be confident back on my feet asap, and actually with better balance than before the fall.  He recommended Jocelyn to help with the whiplash I suffered from the fall.  Jocelyn has magical hands - she knows exactly where to push, pull, stretch, hold to help loosen and heal.  The office staff at both locations are patient and kind.  This practice is professional and caring - I have recommended them to friends and family.
I have been going to this office since it opened. Its very clean and the staff is extremely helpful and friendly. From the very first consultation dr. Cristy Thomas was very thorough and helped me figure out exactly what I needed to get myself on track with my weight loss program. It was a life style change and I have kept the weight off. With such success I even went further and allowed the dr. To fill my lips and give me Botox for an overall make over. Anyways with all that being said results were fantastic. I highly recommend this office.
Rick is amazing! See Rick first before consulting any md. He will give you honest and thorough advice and will most likely save you thousands before going to see a doctor who really only cares about an X-ray and mri and not actual treatment.
Not favourable.
Double check any medications they prescribe you.  After I told them of my side effects I was told to keep taking the medication for another month.  Well it only took 1 more week f the medication to cause permanent damage to my eyes and organs.  I have now had to spend hundreds of dollars on specialists and will have to wear special prism glasses for the rest of my life.  As soon as I canceled all future appointments with them I started to receive bills from them for how much EXTRA my appointments cost.  So they charge me extra to not even get to see a doctor and have my quality of life lowered even further then it was before.  DOUBLE CHECK EVERYTHING THEY SAY OR ASK YOU TO DO!
Scott is seriously the best masseuse I've ever worked with. His knowledge of sports massage and acupressure is invaluable to any athlete or active person. He has helped my chronic back pain so much. I recommend his practice to anyone dealing with repetitive sports injury, muscle pain, or just in need of a great massage.
Dr. McAlister has been great, and informative. Very positive attitude. It is great that they have in-house physical therapy as well
I had been suffering with a sharp pinch feeling along my spine just below my neck when lying on my stomach & while propping my upper body up by resting on my forearms in a plank. I was referred to him by a fellow co-worker. Bring cash, $60 first visit and second and any others after are $40. The room is right by the front area and there is no music so privacy is nil . He needs to add some music or something so people waiting can't hear your conversations, but he is a genius and does amazing work. My wife has also gone to him for an adjustment. We are both very impressed. He is our go to guy for many issues! Highly recommended
This is by far the worst doctors office I have ever been to. Got a check up in Jan which included a diabetes test. They said they would call if it was out of ordinary. No call. 6 months later I'm back in for something else...oh by the way you have rampant uncontrolled diabetes did you know that? I even called to find out test results. No way. You have to make another appointment and waste half your day in their waiting room. Since then I have called repeatedly to get a test strip refilled. 3 times it took. One doctor put me on antibiotics but another doctor I went to said it was wrong kind and a children's dose. Tried to do a walk-in after an ER visit (because they wouldn't see me for a week) and receptionist was uncaring, rude and told me they don't do walk-ins even though I had done it previously at their recommendation though they don't guarantee wait time. Bottom line, I've had it with these guys.
Unfortunately the swelling returned about 3 weeks after I thought I had beaten it. Since the antibiotics did not work, Dr Vella had to schedule me for surgery. I was excited as I was suffering in severe pain and could not move my left middle finger.  Dr Vella happened to be going out of town for the rest of the week but he told me his partner Dr Haber was available to do my surgery. Dr Haber was very nice and professional. He did a great job. Now it has been over 1 week since the surgery and I am slowly improving. Just wanted to update that the TOCA team is great and they did a great job!
I received a referral to Mission Physical Therapy for pulled muscle in my lower back. Within 3 weeks I'm 100% better. In fact with the exercises they assigned me for my core I'm doing even better. They're very hands on meaning they don't pawn you off to a student, etc. Also, the staff is very friendly!
Dr. T truly is an amazing physician. I feel like I have finally found a true partner in my health. I have been a patient for about a year, and know that she takes the time to truly listen to my concerns, questions and is just as much an advocate for my health as I am. She is hands down the most amazing doctor I've ever seen. She is dedicated to finding the "root" of any health issues I've encountered, rather than throwing bandaids (or a prescription) at a symptom like so many doctors. I've never felt rushed in her office, and always know I will leave with a great outlook and piece of mind after meeting with her.
I have been to Tammy now for 2 pregnancy massages and they were both wonderful! She positions you just right and you are super comfortable even on your side.  She even showed me how to arrange my pillows when I sleep for maximum comfort and minimal arm and shoulder discomfort while I am sleeping on my side. I dont know about her doula services but we are really thinking about using her for the birth of my little one! I cant wait for my next massage!!!!
I'd never been to a chiropractor before and I was nervous, but back pain made me finally find a chiropractor.  Dr. Marshall was great. He put me at ease, took time listening to me and giving me a thorough exam, fully explained the reason for my pain, gave me an adjustment, and showed me exercises I can do at home to improve my condition. I couldn't be happier with how my appointment went!
I decided to check out Goodyear Chiropractic after hearing nothing but good things from an old friend. The clinic surpassed all of my expectations. I was very impressed with the friendliness and professionalism of the staff. Dr. Legg took the time to explain everything and really made me feel comfortable before my initial adjustment. I would recommend this place to anyone without reservation!
Due to pain in my lower back and a seemingly never ending quest for a beach body, I sought out some professional help. YSP came highly recommended to me, after all, they were voted best clinic for 2013 and after my first visit I can see why.   Upon my entry I immediately noticed how clean and organized the clinic was. It was welcoming and all the equipment looked well kept and of good quality. I met the clinic manager David Mowat who gave me a brief tour and made it a point to introduce me to all staff who were present. Everyone I met was courteous and cheerful.   I started with a 30 minute massage with RMT Florentin Racovitan. He is highly professional, patient and knowledgeable and took the time to assess where I was experiencing any discomfort. He also made some recommendations for footwear to reduce/eliminate my lower back and feet pain. Florentin practiced as a family physician prior to becoming a RMT and has advanced training and qualifications in several other areas of medicine, his experience goes way beyond that of an average RMT and that makes him invaluable. I genuinely anticipate our next session as after only 30 minutes earlier today I feel much better and make it a point to improve my posture.   Following my massage I met with Kinesiologist/Exercise Physiologist Marina Kaplan for a one hour active rehabilitation session. Similar to Florentin, Marina has a flurry of relevant qualifications, is passionate and knowledgeable in her field. Truth be told she Worked me and as I write this review I'm almost beginning to sweat - in a good way! I honestly can not wait for my next appt which I scheduled for this week. The sessions are customized to each individual but I do admire how they are core specific, and my cool down period involved electronic muscle stimulation, hot packs and a roll out.   As I mentioned above I already booked my next session and committed to 7 more before I take my holidays (aka binge eating sabbatical). For any individuals seeking rehabilitation, whether that be chiro, physio, an understanding of your body, overall sense of well being, exercise/fitness or all of the above, this is no doubt the place for you.
Dr. Waltman and staff are top notch!! The feel of the office is very welcoming. Dr. Waltman took his time, listened and validated my concerns.
Dr. Nemanic has treated me on 2 separate occasions in the last 18 months for pain experienced in my hip due to an inherent weakness.  I'm an active individual (running, biking, sports) and cannot believe how helpful he's been in getting me back on track almost immediately.  His no-nonsense communication approach makes understanding the issue very easy.  I appreciate his desire to not see me again unless there's a problem -- it's incredibly refreshing.  Needless to say, I do highly recommend him because of his effectiveness, ease in understanding, and professionalism.
I have used this urgent care before for ear or sinus infections and they were good. My visit yesterday may have turned my opinion of this place for good.........  I was diagnosed with bronchitis earlier this year.   Ive been feeling better but still have a continual dry cough.  I've been having raspy breaths, burning in my lungs while breathing, and coughing up chunks the last couple days.  So I was in the area on a fri afternoon and figured I should get this looked at.  I didn't have my insurance card on me (i had switched insurance plans since last visit), Any way the lady at the desk was very condescending about having to call the insurance company to try to figure out my info even though I had offered to pay cash.    I was about to walk out when I was called back. The tech who took my BP was very nice.  She asked me what was wrong when she took my BP and it was 2x my normal pressure.  I let her know my check in experience, she looked surprised and apologized.  The guy who walked in and introduced himself to me as Dr. T....  after I got my prescriptions I found out is actually a PA.  Any way he walks in introduces himself to me and starts lecturing me that I do not have bronchitis, I just don't take care of my asthma and it has spiraled out of control.....  Not once did he ask me any questions to why I thought i had bronchitis.  He then asked me why I'm shaking my head to his comments.  I proceed to tell him, "You havent asked me to enplane my reasoning, you haven't listened to my lungs you have just lectured me about a condition I do not have."  He basically says fine, take a breath as he puts stethoscope near not on against my chest, switches sides again not pressing scope against me. then takes one on my back and pressed it close enough to hear something because he just says wait here and walks out.  The tech who took my BP walks in a few min later and hands me 3 scripts, one for cough syrup, one for steroids (all I really wanted), and one for an antibiotic that if he read my chart he would see is completely useless on me.  It was then suggested that I write a complaint to this email address (she points to it on my paper work.) Hands me my paperwork, which told me how to handle my BRONCHITIS!  Not again!!!!
Called in as a new patient 2 1/2 weeks ago telling the scheduling department that I need to see a dermatologist for a mole screening and skin check. The dermatologist was more than 2 weeks out so I set my appointment. They scheduled me for the wrong doctor and instead of Apologizing and trying to correct the error the woman and scheduling was incredibly rude and Dismissive. She couldn't believe that they could have done that. If you treat me like this over the phone how can I be assured that you will treat me well in person if something were to turn up.
The atmosphere here is great.  Sheets are wonderful, they have heating pads which is nice and you sometimes don't get at the cheaper places.  Canceling and rescheduling is okay with them.. I try not to do this but it happens.  My only complaint is the revolving door of staff.  Each time I find a therapist I REALLY like they are gone the next time I book.  That being said I've yet to have a bad massage at this place.
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall Humpty Dumpty had a great fall if all the king's horses and all the king's men couldn't put Humpty Dumpty together again he should have come to Scottsdale Joint and Spine. Thanks dr. Davis best ever.
I have been going to Clinic 24 since they opened and I am very happy with the service provided.  They have had some staff changes as well as some operations equipment changes so there have been a few hiccups with reminders in general, but it's all been straightened out now.  I always get a friendly greeting when I arrive, my calls are always returned in between appointments, and I've referred people here that have been able to get in right away.   My mother was in from out of town and they were able to take her in the walk in clinic very quickly. I'm usually in my appointment within 15 minutes of arriving unless something crazy has come up (and that does happen once in a while). The office manager does care and works very hard to try to take care of any issues as they arise. I would definitely recommend.
If I could give zero stars I would, I took my mother to this so called medical center and was terribly horrified with the way they run their office. First and foremost the so called practitioner came in didn't introduce himself to my mother and just asked her what is going on with her. Working in the medical field myself it's only out of respect that the person examining the patient introduced themselves, this man couldn't even give us a, "hello I'm so and so".. Not to mention that the doctor was dressed in a washed out black tee shirt and ripped jeans, he honestly looked like a bum. He then proceeded to touch my mothers arm that was bothering her and he turns and asks the medical assistant, "what do you think it is?" And makes the medical assistant get up and feel my moms arm.. Are you kidding me? Since when are medical assistants allowed to diagnose? My mom wanting to ask him questions regarding her pain and he would disregard the questions as if she was talking to a wall. He then left the exam room without saying a word. I then asked the medical assistant in confusion was that the practitioner? He said yes that's him, and I straight up told him that I never would have guessed. My mom made the mistake of continuing to go because their office is close to home and all she's experienced is headaches due to the unprofessional office that they are running. This place is a joke.
I live in Aliante so to get to Sparks Family Medicine is about a 30 minute drive, but it is well worth it the nurses and other staff are professional courteous, and make you feel welcome. Dr Darryl Fortson was great he's knowledgable funny and makes you feel at ease, I think I found a new doctor for my family. Thank you Sparks Family Medicine.
The minute you walk in the door, you know you are in a great place.  Front desk staff are incredibly kind and helpful. State of the art check in process allows for you to define your individual needs for the visit.  Talk about a team approach to total body care - you meet with everyone on the staff and clearly understand how each person will help in your healing process.  Dr. Meyers is kind, she is comprehensive in her approach. She clearly explains everything and how all pains connect. She very obviously cares about her patients and best of all, no drugs!  If you want a natural, comprehensive, team approach to addressing your pain, look no further than Dr. Meyers and her team!
Okay so admittedly I was salty when I wrote my first review after being unable to get an appointment but ONLY because I love Dr. Obeng.  He is a top rate doctor who not only genuinely cares about his patients but also brightens up my day every time I see him.    If you're considering trying out a new health care provider I highly recommend Dr. Obeng, he's the best PCP I've had in my 38 years.  Evidently Time Warner was providing sub standard IT service (big surprise, right???) which caused Alfa's phone system to lose some voice mails.  Alfa has returned to their original provider so hopefully they don't miss future appointment requests.
Agree that KE owners have pulled a fast one.  Maybe the Obamascare sent them running for the hills before the roof caved in.  Or maybe not.  In any case, I've just gotten a bill from my former-KE doctor (Emery), and it seems he now is working IN THE SAME BUILDING, just ONE FLOOR BELOW the old KE offices (at suite 110 instead of the old 210) for an office called "Edelstein Medical Group."  According to the web this group primarily specializes in Dermatology, and doctors in the group are Allopathic & Osteopathic Physicians.  Strangely enough, Marc Edelstein was listed as a co-director of KE Medical Group, and Edelstein Medical Group is presumably named for HIM.  Also, suites 110 and 210 in that building were BOTH listed for KE Medical Group on some websites and still are.  Something is fishy here.  Could it be that "Edelstein Medical Group" was the FORMER name of "KE Medical Group"?  If so, why would my doctor send me a bill LAST WEEK (3 Dec 13) to be paid to that corporation at that address?  I guess I'll go take a look in person ... very curious!  The KE website ( http://kemedicalgroup.com/) now has a more complete explanation for what "presumably" occurred to KE.
Was looking for a place to get a massage downtown that fit the following criteria 1) close to financial district 2) clean and 3) good value for service. Step Up Massage and Rehab fit the bill quite nicely. I saw Quincey for a 30 minute appt over my hour lunch and she was awesome, alleviating tension in my upper back almost immediately. Service was complimented with a hotel towel at the end, the perfect touch before going back to the office. Loved that they do direct-to-insurance billing. Will definitely return.
Dr. Adamany is "Top Notch" - Very knowledgeable really understands his field of medicine.  Gives you all the time you need to explain what is going on and what he thinks needs to be done.  He doesn't just jump right into surgery.  I travel in from Maricopa, a 1 1/2 hour drive out to see him....totally worth it.
Been going to atlas since September I have seen great  results and recommend them to everyone who ask what I am doing. Very fast at courteous service very personable call you by name as soon as you walk in. Dr's are great and take as much time as needed and make sure you have question answered before they move on  Exited for them to hopefully start taking insurance.
Great clinic with amazing medical providers and staff.  You can't find clinicians anywhere else that care about their patients from the bottom of their hearts like they do at AMC.  The patient population is very diverse at this clinic, so they usually have staff who can speak Spanish, Burmese, Nepalese etc.  If they don't have staff who can speak your language, they will provide you with an interpreter through the language line :)  There is a TV in the main waiting room and in each exam room that show family friendly movies.  Pretty awesome!  Perfect clinic for your primary care!
Dr Chung is a great guy, very professional, which is the only reason I continue to use him. Unfortunately, it's Absolutely horrible with wait times. Schedule an appointment at 11 and you'll be seen at about 12 30, 1PM if you're lucky. Makes no sense to stick someone in a room for over an hour, and this hasn't been the first time. I'm not sure why it takes so long for patients to be seen here, but it's very frustrating. I've heard this from tons of people that come here through Culinary Insurance. Great staff, I Just hope they work on the wait times.
I am slip on this so I will give on the side of oK. I made a reservation with TSA and showed up only to be told first I had no appointment. Then I showed them my email and they said welllll there is no one to do this now(it was for a job). So i had to miss a full half day of work because they had opendd all my stuff up and then told me I had to come Monday AM or they  woudl have to decline me and I would have to go get a new kit. Craazzzyyyyy. But when I did come back, although it took forever,  the doctors and nurses were super nice.
I have been going to AZ Chiropractic and they have been great working on my back and fixing the muscles with massages. Definitely recommend them and Paul Jeffrey D.C. to help correct any back issues.
My father was severely injured due to an accident that occurred at work. My family and I tried different therapy groups before we found this clinic. It didn't take long for us to decided that Performance Physical Therapy is the perfect place for him to receive all his treatments.   Pro(s):  -Friendly and Welcoming receptionists. Our favorite is Juliet! She has a very positive attitude and engages in conversation. She asks about our day and seems genuinely interested in what we have to say. :) -Danny and Joel are awesome PTs! They really know what they're doing and do not force/push patients to hard.  Con(s): N/A  Overall, I'd recommend this place to anyone. 10/10 would too! :P
Began PT 23APR14 with Doug, PT, DPT excellent physical therapist, who is dedicated to his profession and patients.  Doug is highly professional and employs a dedicated and professional staff.  The results I have accomplished is because of Doug, staff and my positive approach to healing.  Pain is ok as long as it does not interfere with healing.  Everyone who enters the facility are treated as a patient not a number; from the front desk staff of Glenda, Lawanda, April and Stephanie (who has left) to the entire physical therapy team of assistants: April, Danny, Jake, Jamie , Annika, and PT Staff of Doug, Jeremy, Shane, Sydney and the Fast Trak staff Yousef and Greg  Have been taken on time for all of my appointments; enjoying my experience in PT and look forward to each appointment. Exercises are done in a very clean and pleasant environment.   I highly recommend Foothills Sports Medicine Physical Therapy of North Scottsdale. Thanks Much Doug, continued success!
This was probably the worst medical experience I ever had. From the rude people up front to the practice manager Tanya. They scheduled me to come in 3 weeks later I arrive and am told we take your insurance just not if you are a new patient. 3 weeks and 20 miles in the car and they won't see me. What a joke. Nothing but a bunch of greedy doctors and there lack of   practicing real medicine where the patient comes first. Not here. They just want your money...
I was nervous about going here after reading some of the reviews,  so I hope this helps others. The doctor, Dr. Liu and the nurse staff was great.  Quick and found out I need to see another doc. That being said, the receptionist seemed like she doesn't like her job, if she doesn't  she should get another one.  It doesn't hurt to smile once in awhile. But mabey she was having a bad day.
Signed up with the class via a great Groupon for 60 days at $29.  For my first class, Reba was the instructor.  Great first class to start with as my impression of Reba is that she takes Bikram Yoga seriously without being serious.  It's a bit intimindating at first walking into a 105 degree hot room and seeing folks walk in unphased by the heat.  Reba took a bit of my nervous energy off.  Been at it now for two and half weeks and the heat isn't intimidating anymore, in fact it's a bit welcoming.  The first week was a bit rough but by the second week I found myself wanting to find time to attend even more  I prepared myself at the start just to attend regularly three days a week, however I'm already attending five days a week now and considering going daily.  After starting to take the classes, the best benefit I've found is my work outs outside of class.  My weightlifting and cardio endurance and flexibility have improved greatly in this short period.  One benefit that surprised me is the cardio throughout the class.  It's mentioned on their site as one of their benefits, but I really didn't believe it.  I call it sneaky cardio as at first you won't notice the build up, but once a posture is done, you'll feel your heart pumping.    As far as specific to the studio all the teacher's have different approaches even though the class in itself is essentially the same.  Some make it fun, others push hard, while others give the value of each posture and others stress technique.  It's a good way to learn.  One thing to make sure you do is to hydrate before and after class.  You will sweat a lot in class.  Although I hydrated well before class, I didn't after class and I got a stinging headache.  The only con is that it's expensive.  I'm trying to figure out a way to pay for this after my Groupon expires.  It would be nice for them to offer a 6 month cycle option.  The one month, three month, punch cards and monthly aren't that cost effective and the annual option is a lot to drop in a day.  However, I am considering it!  I'll sum up Bikram this way.  Every couple of classes I'll think to myself "what the heck am I doing here, this is brutal!"  However, AFTER the class I always feel accomplished, energized and looking forward to the next class.
I saw a few different PCPs in the area before finding Fiel Family & Sports Medicine. I have been extremely happy with not only the high quality of care but that they have not made me feel rushed at the appointment. Yes, I have had to wait at the appointments but that is the reality of healthcare and it is unreasonable for anyone to expect not to wait. The providers are taking their time with other patients and they will give you just as much attention during your appointment. I am thankful I found this office!
Excellent facility.  About one year old.  If you didn't know is was a rehab faciolity because of the nursing stations, you might think you were in an above-average hotel.  Very good restaurant, where patients and guests can order fro a menu.
Unusual for today, Dr. Medeiros is (almost) always on time.  He takes all the time he needs to do the job.  Has no problem referring.  He knows that he doesn't know it all.  Refreshing!  Not sure he is taking new patients.  If not, so sorry.  He is a keeper!
Geez, it has been an absolute pleasure to read other's reviews and realize that I really am not alone.  This "Family Practice" is more like a Medical Disgrace. Dr. Dana Forte is truly a blot on the medical community (which in Las Vegas is already struggling enough) and should be investigated...clearly the only thing she sees is green, money!!  She has more Physician Assistants than any Dr.'s office I've ever seen and miraculously always seems to be "out of the office" herself.  Is it even legal to just leave your overbooked patients, overwhelmed front office staff and under-trained medical staff to run the place on a continuous basis?  I do wonder...  I could go into detail about my frustrating and completely unfulfilling experiences, but I'm satisfied readers have gotten the picture from the other reviews, and quite frankly, I'm tired of using my time to delineate the indifference I continue to encounter with caregivers here in LV.  We have only been here a short time and I keep holding out hope that I will find those "sweet spots" where providers (of all types) get it.    Anyway, to sum it up, don't waste your time with this insensitive, greedy doctor and medically incompetent staff.    If I could give her ZERO stars, you know I would.
For an office that boasts excellent patient care, they are awful. This was my second appointment with Roxy Anderson and she obviously needs to figure out the mantra of the office. On top of the expectedly long wait time, Roxie came in irritate. She asked what was wrong, cut me off before I finished telling her my symptoms, told me to try Claritin and rushed us to leave. I'm not sure it was even five minutes before she said she was done. Roxie said that she didn't "have time for me" and if I wanted, I could make another appointment. I took a day off work to pay to see you for my health and this is the service you give me. Basic customer service and patient care was not evident at all. Normally after leaving the PCP office, I have an eased mind that they are helping me. This was not the case at all. She did nothing for me and was a waste of my time and money. I am incredibly unhappy and disappointed. Be wary if you choose to frequent this place.
Office is fantastic! The staff is very friendly. Taylor is amazing she works wonders! I higly recommend coming here.
I am thankful for whoever invented physical therapy.  Any one of the therapists here at the Val Vista office or the Greenfield office have worked on my ailing joints.  Knowledgeable, helpful, and great bedside manners.  The techs are excellent also.  Clean, friendly atmosphere.  Always felt they had my best interest and healing first priority.  Thank you, Farnsworth PT.
Oh.... this place. There is a reason I stay away from doing negative reviews. However, this place has absolutely earned to be discussed, or be a topic of discussion for once in my yelp roster to help those in search for a women's medical practice.   From the time I walked in, the front desk receptionist was cold, short, and on the phone on a personal call while handing me a clipboard with papers to fill out. Standard. the wait was short. I was called in, weighed, then I was directed to a waiting room. I stayed in that waiting room for over and hour and a half. Finally when I came out to ask what the hold up was, they proceeded to apologize and tell me that the Dr. was called in for an emergency at the hospital. That is completely understandable. Emergencies are that, emergencies. However, you do not leave a patient WAITING without informing them of what is happening, or what are the options available. Let me, as a patient make the decision to wait or to reschedule. That is called basic communication between two parties. You are being paid to be there. I am NOT! With that said, I left. They told me I could reschedule, it was too late for that. I never went back. I called my insurance and told them to NOT pay any invoices if the office had the audacity to bill them. Waste of time, resources, and energy. Never again.
This review is for the eye clinic.  It was very easy to set up an appointment.  When I arrived in check in was fast, and the desk clerks were very nice.  Wait time was minimal and my appointment started on time.  A student does the exam, Sam did mine.  He was very thorough.  They have the newest technology. For example instead of the air puff test they use new technology with a blue light. After they are finished a professor comes in reviews their work.  I did purchase a pair of glasses.  The optical center was very typical of the standard optical places. Wide selection, prices about the same.  Though they offered the "other stuff" there wasn't any high pressure sales tactics.  The exam does take a little longer than normal for two people check you, but also they are very thorough.  My new glasses arrived in 5 days.  My new subscription works better for me than my prior one with a optometrist that had been practicing for 30 years.
So here's my story of how I ended up as a patient of Horizon Spine & Sport.  I was in a minor car accident a few months ago and I developed some neck and upper back pain and well, that sucked.  I ask my friends who are chiropractic aficionados who they would refer me to and I'm directed to Dr. Chuck Badger.  I can't speak personally for the other doctor at this practice as all my treatment has been provided by Dr. Badger.    Sorry Yelpers (not really sorry), but when it comes to medical professionals, you are not my first resource for research.  Perhaps more reviews like this will change that for future Yelp seekers.   After a really easy initial appointment set-up with Janine (the office coordinator extraordinaire), I come in and see Dr. Badger.    They have appointments after standard business hours!  This is is super helpful for those of us that work 9a-5p, so I don't have to take time off of work for my three times per week chiropractic appointments.   What I appreciated most about Dr. Badger on the initial consultation was the time taken to explain the spine and the muscles and the effects of trauma and how these could be remedied with treatment.  I am one of those patients that likes to be educated on what is going on, and I believe that an educated patient is a compliant patient.  If you tell me "because I said so", well, I'm going to tell you to kick rocks (with open-toed shoes) and seek treatment elsewhere.   Initial consultation comes and goes and treatment commences!  Prior to seeing Dr. Badger, I'd never received chiropractic care so having things explained to me as they happened was greatly appreciated.  He addressed the pain and injuries caused by the car accident and he also treated pain related to your standard desk job (which was exacerbated in the car accident).   On more than one occasion, I have dozed off on the table when receiving electrical muscle stimulation in my upper back, thanks to the low lights and quiet of the office. And Dr. Badger is a huge sports fan so inevitably you will see a game on the flat screen TVs (one in the lobby and one by the treatment tables) so if you don't end up napping, you can catch a few plays.  This falls in line with his practice taking care of athletes injuries, too.    After several months of successful treatment, I'm nearly discharged.  I feel significantly better than when I started treatment, and probably better than I did even before the car accident, and that's due to Dr. Badger's skill as a chiropractor.  Dr. Badger has a great manner with patients, from young to old and from athletes to car accident patients and all in between, I have only ever seen him be pleasant with all.    That pleasant demeanor is also expressed by Janine who is great in her own right.  Ever deal with nasty staff at a great doctor's office that you're hesitant to return to the great doctor because the staff is so nasty? That will never be the case here.   Horizon Spine & Sport is a top-notch practice and I would recommend them to anyone seeking chiropractic care.
The gym itself isn't bad. Equipment and bathrooms are standard for the most part.  Things start to suck when you try to cancel your membership. Absolutely painful process. I don't even have a contract with them anymore (1-year contract is done) but they have an auto renew process where your membership just continues pass the contract date. The way they have it setup, you have to come in and make an APPOINTMENT with the manager to cancel your contract. Except when I got there, he was busy. I saw him walking around but apparently he can't cancel it because I don't have an appointment.   So I played their game and made an appointment (he is only available once a week every Thursday), I came the next Thursday and waited. Nothing, he can't see me because of some bogus reason. I emailed Monika and still no response. Its 2017 I would hope there's a way to cancel membership via phone or mail (like LA Fitness or Planet Fitness).
Started taking all three of my children here.  Dr. Zamani is AMAZING!  This man is wonderful with children, and definitely took the time to answer all of our questions.  We've also seen Dr. Williams-Vaughn and found her to be witty, and engaging.  Both Doctors are easy to talk to, clearly care about their patients, and took the time to make me feel comfortable as a mom.  We haven't had to wait long any of the times we've been in, the front office staff is always cheerful, and the ladies in the back are sweet and gentle with kids too.  They are awesome about calling in prescriptions for us as well, and even got me a referral for a surgeon today in less than 6 hours.  Please keep up the amazing work, it's so nice to finally have found a place we can trust!
My husband had just had meniscus surgery and needed therapy right away per his surgeon .  I called 360 this morning spoke to Blue,  he scheduled an appointment for today at 2 o'clock in Chandler he even let me know which therapist my husband would be seeing  today.  We got to the appointment an hour early.  We were greeted then told the appointment wasn't until the following week .  I let them know that I had confirmed it with Blue and he verified that it was for today a same day appointment.   One of the front office ladies did not believe me and wanted to contact you to verify that he actually made the appointment for me.  Blue  was nowhere to be found.  They gave us an option of having only a partial appointment or come back 2 hours later.  We were inconvenienced because of their mistake but that didn't matter .  Customer service is not good here and I would not return or recommend it to anybody.
Dr. Milne is a wonderful doctor. I have never met a better doctor. He truly cares for his patients. He has a holistic approach. He gives his patients you the best of Eastern and Western member. If you are having trouble figuring out what is going on with our health, he is the person to go to. He is worth every penny.
Laura is a true professional massage thearpist who knows how to address a variety of physical problems.  I went to Laura to see if she could help me relieve a twenty year deep muscle problem in my shoulder as a result of surgery.  I am finally getting relief I have not experienced since the surgery. She has a thorough knowledge of the physical anatomy and keeps educated on a variety of techniques. She continues to help me now with my sciatic problems and other problem areas. I am very thankful for Laura's professionalism and innate talent.
I went to this office because it had all these great reviews well from the moment I walked in it was a major disappointment. There was only 1 other person in front of me it took over a hour to be seen. The bathrooms were disgusting no paper towels garbage everywhere and the front desk had horrible customer service. I went there to get my thyroid checked so they sent me to go get blood work done. Over a week goes by and I never received a phone call so I called them left a message no one called me back and I called again the next week so 3 weeks not since my blood work and at this point I'm frustrated left another message never called back. So I went and got my results myself from the lab and went somewhere else to be told I have to go see a specialist because I could have a autoimmune disease. Thanks for Caring for your patients! I will never go back there worst experience I have ever had.
I'm so thankful I relied on Yelp to find Dr. Levins in 2012. For the few years, he's been there for me and helped me tremendously. His politeness and knowledge are an absolute blessing. Without question, he's one of the better doctors I've ever seen in my life. Thanks again!
I'm so thankful I relied on Yelp to find Dr. Levins. For the past year, he's been there for me and helped me tremendously. His politeness and knowledge are an absolute blessing. Without question, he's one of the better doctors I've ever seen in my life. Thanks again!
I don't even know where to begin.. I'm newer to the area and was in need of a primary Dr. I spent a lot of time researching and was aware of the reviews prior to meeting Dr. Adams. She is very nice and really listens once you have her in the room. I have been here 3-4 times and waited no less than 2-2.5 hours. I understand she spends extra time with patients, but an office needs to plan accordingly. Twice after waiting two hours, they called a patient back that arrived after I did. I mentioned it to Dr. Adams and she said they're trying to get better. One time I had an appointment and they called the morning of to cancel because their computer system was down. Today I had an appointment that I made three weeks ago and they called a couple hours before to cancel because Dr. Adams had an emergency. I waited so long to get back in because I was told she was out of the office for two weeks. The staff is always nice, but completely unprofessional and inattentive. I can't even tell you how many times I've called and nobody even answered the phone, or I was left on hold and forgotten. Her medical assistant performed an ekg on me and told me I was in A-fib. She assured me she can spot this condition because she used to work at UCLA. Whatever that means. She had me scared to death. She said I needed to see a cardiologist immediately for a stress test and that it would be about $5000.00!! They gave me a referral and expected me to leave no questions asked! I can't believe the approach this woman took with me. I asked her to get Dr. Adams back in the room, it was like I was asking the world. She said Dr.Adams wouldn't be able to answer any questions I had because she isn't a cardiologist. C'mon! They finally got her back in the room and the Dr. apologized. She mentioned it was odd that she didn't pick up on it when listening to my heart. Well, maybe because it wasn't there! I went to a cardiologist that day and had a stress test. I AM NOT IN A-FIB and he agreed that the person should not have addressed the situation as she did. Oh, and the test cost $400.00. I can't tell you how many times I have had to call the office because they didn't electronically transfer my prescription correctly. The billing tried to bill me for two ekg tests on two separate dates, which was only done on one date. The bottom line is, this is no way to operate a business. I understand they overbook to a point to allow for no shows or cancellations, but there is serious room for improvement here. Dr. Adams needs help. If she's going to take off so much time, hire a Physician Assistant or Nurse Practitioner. The office shouldn't completely shut down. One can't expect patients to always run to urgent care. There are too many people that rely on regular medical assistance and this place is entirely unreliable, I'm sorry to say.
I purchased a Groupon for Mojo Physio thinking it was a massage but I was wrong and I am so glad I was wrong.  Some things are just meant to be.  I ended up scheduling as appointment after I experienced a rotator cuff injury.  I literally couldn't move my arm in much of any direction without anguishing pain.  I went to their website and started reading on the therapy which sounded like it would be helpful.    They are located in the Scottsdale Airpark area around Scottsdale and Thunderbird.  I had my first appointment with Laura.  She is a nice, pleasant, and incredibly interesting person.  She did an initial assessment and then asked me a serious of questions about how I was feeling overall, my injury, etc.  And then away she went.  I noticed a significant improvement after my first treatment and have been in 3 others times: twice with Laura and once in their downtown location with Alex who is also excellent.     I recommend Mojo Physio one million percent.  Thank you, thank you, thank you!
LOVE LOVE LOVE This place! I was feeling sore from a work out and got the first time member's price...  Deep Tissue never felt so good. I liked it so much I got the membership... I was going every other week but then decided to upgrade myself and go weekly. What the hell... This is my weekly treat to myself.   Dennis is really good for deep tissue but he hurt himself so my new guy is Brano. He's just as good. For a little guy he sure can put the pressure on. Can't wait for my Friday appointment...  The whole membership deal is not bad at all... 1 free massage a month and they have a location in Costa Mesa so I can get my massage when I am in Southern Cali. They have locations all over the place so it is convenient but still a little dangerous because I am contemplating on doing a 30 minute massage during lunch. Who needs to eat right? LOL
Jason's responses, service and best of all his results are quick and effective!   I was in so much pain and he came to my house the same day I contacted him.  My neck was so bad, I already was at the urgent care and ER the day before.  He did some things I have had done in the past, in addition to dry needling and these neuro sticker things I had never had.  He seems to stay on top of the latest advances and integrates treatments for the optimal results.  The quick and kind responses and follow ups are a bonus bonus plus, Effective AND Personable!  Thank you Jason for Helping Me!
I cannot be happier with my decision to choose Cornerstone to start my long-term ankle rehabilitation. Anna Staruszkiewicz is the best physiotherapist I know out there. She is very knowledgeable, accommodating, and has a great balance of professionalism and interpersonal skills.  She makes sure you understand the nature of your injuries, prognosis, and goes over your treatment plan thoroughly. I always leave the session feeling great, and most importantly, full of new knowledge that I can apply in my day-to-day. My progression has been rapid, and Anna makes sure I am constantly challenging myself and comes up with new exercises. She addresses your concerns/questions which is very reassuring when you are recovering from a complex injury like me.  The front desk staff (Jennifer and Sara in particular) are also excellent - very friendly and always prompt in responses. You can tell this clinic is well organized and managed - always a good vibe when I come in. I would highly recommend this place if you are looking for a good overall experience with your treatment.
The worst primary care I've EVER been to. It's has been TWO weeks and they have not "reviewed" some lab culture I had taken because I am in serious pain and they have not given me any medication for it! The day of the appointment they told me they would call the next morning and tell me my results and give me the medicine needed.. They Never called and I ended up having to call them every day three times a day for two weeks and still no answer about what is going on and still in pain!!! I'm switching doctors! This is ridiculous! I am talking to a lawyer currently to see if I can sue them!
I've been visiting this salon for a while as I bought an IPL voucher from Groupon. The salon is a lovely place and the staff are very friendly. I've been receiving my IPL treatment for a few months and i've also had my legs waxed here. No complaints about anything :)   The salon is a bit out of town but if you live near by it's perfect.
My husband came in by himself with two toddlers and was made to wait for over an hour in a hot exam room. He and both kids were sweaty by the time they were seen. The provider asked lots of questions that should have been in the MR already - were thorough notes not taken the last time we were in?  The provider gave the most basic instructions for caring for our child. If a parent isn't asking the right questions, I believe it's the job of the provider to explain things that aren't be asked, or at least provide printed materials for the parent to take home with more info. We felt ignored and blown off at our first visit as well and decided to give the practice a second chance. We will not be returning to this practice.
I found SPORTS after contacting four other PT centers. They kept telling me I needed a pulmonary therapist. My daughter recommended SPORTS, I called and spoke with Marisia. She took the time to listen to my unique story. She then said, let me talk to one of the Dr's. Dr. Jimmy P called me back and understood what I needed. He said come in during my lunch and let's talk and see whats up. He said we can figure something out and developed a program for me. The uniqueness of my case is, I had my diaphragm paralyzed from a nerve block injection during rotator cuff surgery.  Subsequently, I had a phrenic nerve transplant done by the only surgeon in the world to do them (in NY).  Luckily surgery was a success and I began to breath in my right lung. I had to find a PT who could rehab my diaphragm muscle, not my lungs.  Dr. Jimmy P. got it when four others in LV didn't. It was the first time he saw such a case and he and Ashley developed a program that was awesome! Ashley was great and always attentive. Dr. Jimmy was very interested in my case because it was new and he had never seen anything like it. I have recommended Jimmy to the surgeon as Jimmy is the only one on the west coast who I found that developed this program for me, and hopefully for others. I am not 100% and maybe never will be, but Jimmy and Ashley did what no one else in LV could do, they got me breathing again. Thanks to everyone at SPORTS, a great team!
I have been receiving chiropractic care for over 20 years- I am looking for a new Dr. in Charlotte... and the search continues. My first visit was like stepping into a chaotic locker room. The staff was engaged in loud conversation and joking- mostly about needing a sugar fix. My insurance information was read LOUDLY across the room. All of which, I consider private details. No X-rays were taken or asked for; people can be SERIOUSLY injured or worse without them! Why I didn't leave them I do not know. I let Dr. Brad Weiss adjust me. His quiet room and adjustment were reassuring, but my doubts about the sincerity in their wellness philosophies and care returned when I called the office weeks later when my back went out. Four phone calls and five hours later- I received no response about a possible appointment.  Perhaps if the front office had been more professional, if the doctor had consulted  x-rays, if private information had been better protected, and counsel had been offered when it was needed most, I would be leaving a very different review. But this office was nearly as bad as The Joint (the fast food chain of chiropractic care) where I was forced to turn when my  doctor went radio silent.
I cannot in good conscience even rate at one star. This office has very few good points in their favor. No one answers the phone, the reception person is beyond rude! My family and I have been patients for many years and we are currently looking for another primary care group. We will be taking our business elsewhere.
Do not go here for a walk in.  The wait times are as bad as going to the ER - I could have gone to my own doctors office across the city and back in the time I've been waiting here.   Not impressed.
THREATENING BEHAVIOUR. I was threatened by one of the employees ( whose name rhymes with a popular children's toy) to meet him outside of work when he was out of uniform to give me a piece of his mind! When he realized he had threatened me, he ran into the manager's office to be able to word the story his way first. LADIES: PLEASE BE CAREFUL AT THIS GYM.  IF YOU CAN, GET OUTTTTT!!! there is much sexism and potentially violent behaviour at this gym!  I will have the 911 already dialed on my phone ready to hit send anytime i have to walk by this place. Supremely unprofessional staff members.
Horrible experience for my daughter. She is 38 weeks pregnant and not feeling well so she went in and they did a vaginal check and my daughter informed the doctor she was hurting her, the doctor said, "oh sorry, I forgot to take my rings off" The doctor took her ring off and placed the same glove back on her hand and did another check. It was a dirty environment and I am shocked that hospital is still open.
I've had a pretty good service. It's true that is Sunday Morning and there was only one costumer in front of me but the process was pretty fast. They made all the right procedures (I've have spent some time in ER) to diagnose me.   I've just give 4 start because by experience the doctor should recommend an X-Ray exam to discard some pulmonary decease after a severe flu infection but generally it's was pretty good.
This place is a joke. The staff is incompetent and unprofessional. As I type this I'm on a 3 hour wait for a follow up appointment I made 4 days ago all because one of the front desk ladies thought I left and took me off the sheet. I was just around the corner in her blind spot!! People who came after me started to get called in front of me before I had to raise a fit. Once I did it was my fault completely according to them. I waited 2 hours to get into an office and 1 hour for a doctor to come in and ask if everything is alright. Of course they understaff their doctors and of course one of the doctors just gets off their shift just as soon as they "get swamped". Keep in mind that I came before the rush but was made to stay through the rush all because one of their incompetent staff thought i came in just to say I'm here for my 2 o clock then leave immediately after.     This place isn't worth it. Use your primary care over this dump at all costs.
Not very impressed. After multiple visits, I always had an issue. Either poor quality therapist or got cut on time. Even after the manager credited back my time, I didn't get the full time on the replacement massage. I thought Massage Envy was crap but this place trumps it.
After a serious automobile accident, I called DIPT and they got me in right away and started me on a full program to recovery. I can happily say that I am back to my normal self after a few months of treatment. The friendly and accommodating staff made all the difference. I worked with Dave and Arianna and both were great and knowledgeable. I would highly recommend DIPT.
I'm a hair stylist and lived with pain in my neck and shoulder that I thought was just a job hazard. With a few treatments Dr. Khavari was able to alleviate the pain and discomfort. He took the time to discuss my daily activites and workouts to make sure I  wasn't hurting myself just at work.  He taught me exercises and stretches to strengthen my back and shoulders. The vitamins he prescribes are amazing.  After being treated by Dr. Khavari my work day is much more comfortable and profitable. Without a doubt I would recommend him to anyone with body aches, pains and even fatigue.
I scheduled an appt with Dr Sullivan for a physical. He came through door and instantly put me at ease and made me feel comfortable. I found him on yelp because of good reviews and he is near my home. My old family doctor was in Michigan. I'm not exaggerating, he is by far the best family/primary care doctor I have ever been to. Super down to earth and the opposite of judgmental. He actually gave some advice on some fun things to do in the area. I would recommend him to anyone who is looking for someone to treat them like family. The staff was friendly and the wait time was short. I never write reviews, but I had such a great experience I felt the need to.
My son ha been coming here since he was 7 weeks old. Kat and Dan are amazing! He is progressing so well. I don't think he would be where he is now without them. They are knowledgeable about what they are doing. The other staff is great as well. They treat their clients like family. My son is so excite every time he sees them.  I would definitely recommend these people for anyone with child development needs! They would be worth traveling for...
We love Dr.Ross! Everyone at We Care Family Wellness Center is super nice. They listen to all of my crazy mom worries and NEVER make me feel like an idiot or talk down to me.  Dr. Ross is super caring and honestly one of the most humble people I have ever met in the medical field. I finally feel like we have a pediatrician that listens. He is very supportive of a more natural way of healing. He doesn't just turn to his prescription pad for every issue that comes up.  My son was really sick a while ago and it was (of course) over the weekend, when it is very hard to get a hold of anyone. I called the after hours number expecting to have to navigate through a maze of automated messages. After 2 rings Dr. Ross picked up the phone himself. I was completely shocked.  We'll never take our kids anywhere else.
If your discharged patient into rehab is at all un alert, too trusting, goes with flow, can't or won't speak up for themselves....   AVOID AVOID AVOID and if you can't -- watch them 16 hours a day.   They deliver breathing treatments and anything highly billable with such stunning impeccable accuracy....its AMAZING!!!!   However? They can't help put people on toilets (its  a clue Blue! Get your crayons!)   Nor do they track intake of water, write down if the patient has had water, keep track of when the last time the patient voided or if they're not voiding at all.   They act like the nursing and care side of their money machine is secondary to the Rehab needs of their clients.   Too bad an 8 ounce cup of water isn't billable at 500.00 a pop.   Maybe The respiratory therapist - should be assigned a shadow aid to go with her on her rounds and pour water and get people on the toilet:  She's the only person I ever encountered doing any hands on delivery of care to our bed bound patients.   My dad's roommate stunk so bad from rotten food impacted under his dentures, thrush tongue, sour head and stinky bm bottom and rotten slimy  food in his overgrown beard and onion armpits-- I bathed my dad and then  Bathed Him. The man was delirious with relief. No bath in 3 Weeks. Oh.... And we changed his gown covered with food AND his sheets which had spilled urine from his 'bottle'.   So, I get in there and do their jobs for them then suddenly they're ALL over it. I said "are you sure you're Ok to do this? If you couldn't smell this from the doorway  four days ago you might want to get scanned for a brain tumor."   Yes it was catty. I should have gone LION on them. I thought from the man's condition he was a homeless Medicaid guy banking a bed. No. Engineer with a hip replacement.   Lazy staff with RN degrees only want to do fancy 45.00 an hour RN things and sit in chairs documenting it while talking about vacations  right? but nursing is about the ENTIRE  patient. 90% of your patients needs are practical supportive care. Washing, bathing, toileting, SKIN CARE!!!, 10 % is the technical side.   WHEN The staff came in to help me do their jobs when I asked for a third bed bath set up because it took twice the amount of supplies to clean the encrusted bm off his bottom I used the opportunity for staff training. Why not.   Because HEALTH SOUTH ADMINISTRATION who's reading their one 1 Star review horrified? (And thinking 'hey, we gotta get our family members who yelp! To write some good reviews to quash this one? Yes you'll do it because corporate? Is going to chew you like a bone...) you  never know who that family member is you're discounting.   So GET THIS:  No amount of drugs or physical therapy can overcome the basics of healthcare: hydration and elimination.  Garbage In. Garbage Out. 24/7.   So, Look at it like this: LTC  & Rehab clients? your geriatric patient is their Golden Goose Slot Machine. The more expensive treatments they can slather on the happier they are. But can they help people shave and keep them clean, semi washed off and deliver water?   Why no. Not really.   There's no $$$ in THAT part of patient care.   User BEWARE. Health South's OTHER favorite money making game is stepping in medically (uninvited and without permission) and acting As  MPOA's calling in Doctor whoever to do what ever and not informing family.  Family who MIGHT KNOW what's going on.... Despite the HUGE sign over the head of the bed to "Contact Guardian of ANY change in medical status."  Will they call you? Oh sure. After they've let your family decline for 19 hours straight rotating their fingers out their collective and RIGHT as they decide the full bed isn't worth a death on their watch --- because that's a lot of paperwork. But, yes.   They'll call you when they've successfully blown your family member's entire survival window...Maybe.   Or the ER will call you for them.   In our case, my dad out their back door to St. Rose's ER at midnight. But if I'd been alerted? I'd have been smart enough to pre qualify St. Rose to see IF THEY ACTUALLY HAD A BED in ICU where my dad belonged with ICU level of care.  Health South Rehab sells its shabby care wares partially on the Proximity of St. Rose Hospital a block away..... But St Rose is a war zone in the ER. No beds is a frequent song they sing. If you think a loved one needs admitting? Call First. If no bed? Keep calling.   Both St Rose & Healthsouth could stand some serious accountability for the numbers of employees it takes to successively, continuously make mistake after mistake.   Don't go here if you need any type of supportive nursing care with your rehab. If you do? Hire a sitter. This facility is eaten up with primadonnas who like nurse pay but arent interested in earning it.    dehydration in an 1800.00 a day bed is unforgivable.   But as I was told: "well, he's old."  It will be your turn one day. Tread carefully.
Great service! I was in a car accident 10 years ago and since then I've tried a lot of different things for pain. I'm a medical doctor and very familiar with pain relief, but nothing I tried quite did the job until I visited Dr. Negin. I was very skeptical at the beginning, but I was put in ease quickly. To my surprise, after only a few visits I was pain free for the first time in many years! Great professional service. I highly recommend it.
After I wrote my review on 10/25 I received an email from Karen, the customer relations specialist at Matt Smith's. Karen has assured me that my experience is something that should not have happened and she is going to address the situation. I admire her willingness to take what I said to heart and that Matt Smith was concerned. I told her that I would love to hear from her when she has resolved the situation, make a new appointment and start over. I am anxious to rewrite my review and this time it will hopefully be glowing with praise. Thank you Karen for your interest in what I had to say.  I am rating this as a 2, but it is only because you have to rate to post.
I was injured at work in February of 2017. My company sent me to Concentra immediately for evaluation. The doctors were apprehensive about giving me any pain meds for my injury to my shoulder, of which I completely understand and I was schefuled for physical therapy. Upon starting therapy I complained to Scott, the physical therapist of my pain level and discomfort. He saw to it that I been seen by the Dr. at once. I was then subsequently given a weeks worth of pain meds and muscle relaxers (THANK YOU SCOTT!)  I had to wait on an m.r.i. until April and the results came back that surgery was required. Dr. Levy did my surgery at St. Vincents hospital in May. Once I started my rehab with Scott, I was not a model patient however, he was encouraging and always professional. A special thank you to Scotts assistant Rosemary, she always did her job well and took the time to listen to my corny jokes.  When I completed physical therapy and returned to Concentra for a physical for my new job in November, Mary was the med tech/nurse/medic that guided me through the 3 hour physical. Mary explained to me each step of the physical and what each test required, this was very helpful to me. She is the perfect person to do these types of physicals in my opinion. She was direct, clear and knowledgeable throughout the entire process. I gave her a hug when the physical was over and thanked her.  Also, the entire staff at Concentra were very kind and friendly to me. Thank you Porsche and Tracy for putting up with me the entire time.
I really enjoyed my massage at Annex RMT. Yvette is very nice and seemed to know anatomy very well - she helped me feel better after having sore calves. The office is very quaint and has cute, warm touches. I will be going back.
I am very fortunate to have found Dr. Bowen Chan. He detected that I had a tumour and got me a MRI within days. His patient and calm demeanor has made this terrible experience a bit more bearable. The staff are very courteous and the clinic is very clean & organized. If you don't have family Dr, I highly recommend Dr. Chan.
Dr K did not help me at all with my back pain. She ignored my chief complaint and tried to order tests in areas that I did not complain about.
This place is like a train station they have soooo many people. It's horrible for kids with sensory disorders. The lobby NEEDS an update and way more seating. The closed off area really needs to be a kids corner so they can be in one place occupied instead of all over the place. As many people as they service they really need to fix the lobby to represent a place of business.
This review is a running commentary of my initial visit today (6/13/2016). I arrived 20 minutes early for my 3pm appointment with Dr Rogers, so I could fill out the required new patient paperwork. It is presently 3:45pm and I am still grumpily ensconced in the small waiting area for my appointment. So far, the only positive thing is the receptionist; she is very friendly and positive with everyone I have seen pass through the office (about 5 people so far).   At 3:49pm, my name is called and I walk with the medical assistant into an exam room. Ruth, the med assistant, takes my vitals and leaves, telling me the doctor will be with me shortly. A couple minutes later, Dr Rogers walks in. Honestly, I'm a little unimpressed because he does not look like he's in great shape....and yet he's supposed to be telling his patients how to be healthy. He's a nice enough guy and was receptive to my questions, but didn't offer any enlightening responses. My reasons for visiting included getting a pulmonary breath test to check for (exercise induced) asthma and to see if I may have food allergies that may be contributing to bloating. Dr Rogers sent me to another room for the breath test -- the assistant in this room was not very pleasant and I had to wonder if she enjoyed her job at all -- then Ruth the 1st med assistant drew some blood (icky).   I left the office at 4:30pm. I spent way more time waiting and doing paperwork than speaking with any one person. I like the location of the clinic because it is close to home, but one staff person could be a bit more "professionally pleasant" and appointments could be spaced out more so that patients aren't waiting for almost an hour. In the business world, being almost an hour late for a meeting is unacceptable. Why do we tolerate lateness when at the doctor's office?
I needed a doc and since this place is close to me, thought I'd check it out.  Like most of the other yelpers, I found my wait to be inordinately long.  I was told to come at 4:30pm for a 5pm appointment; the office figures the paperwork/insurance details will take half an hour.  Ok....well, I didn't actually see a doctor until past 6pm.  I just needed a referral, which seriously took a few minutes, but I had to spend a good portion of my afternoon for that?  Yes, the front staff is nice.  Yes, the doctor is personable.  But COME ON.  Let's reduce the wait time.  EVERYONE'S time is important.  Either take fewer patients, or allot more time per patient so that the wait times are shorter.
i've been coming here for a few months now for my knee injury. Jimmy is my therapist and i must say i am being treated with utmost professionalism. Jimmy and his team put together a treatment program for me that includes chiropractic adjustments, rubbing out scar tissues, ice/heat therapy, stretchings, exercises, pilates, etc. most places i went to before i came here would just give me an adjustment, strap me up to electrical stim and call it a day. but not here. an average session here takes about 2 hours because Jimmy and his team really takes the time to understand the nature of my injuries and tailored a treatment program that suits my needs.  i highly recommend this place to anyone with injuries/aches/pain. these guys are fantastic!
This ended up not being a good fit for our family. We have a newborn and Dr. Kuty's young child was often in the room right near my baby when she was adjusting. It just made me extremely nervous and gave me a lot of anxiety. I feel that all attention should be on my child and there should be no distractions. When you are paying for a service, you shouldn't have to feel uneasy. If this type of thing doesn't bother you then maybe this would be a good fit but for me I don't want someone's child around when mine is being adjusted.
During one of my daily workouts, my lower back told me to STOP doing what I was doing. Ouch! Where to go to get fixed? After some internet searching, I found Mountain Park Chiropractic and was pretty impressed with my initial visit. Clean office, super friendly staff, and professional doc. We discussed my x-rays (got these done elsewhere, as MPC does not do x-rays) and I learned that yes, I'm out of alignment and the vertebrae in my neck are not in the "normal/optimal" slightly curved shape.   My sessions begin with a couple of treatments (heat application, electrical "pulsing" stimulation--my favorite!, or ultrasound therapy) then ends with the chiropractic adjustment (generally when the chiropractor manipulates the spine and other joints by using controlled force, leverage, direction, amplitude, and velocity). Adjustments occur while lying on the fancy chiropractic table; the table is like a massage table on crack: headrest, footrests, armrests, motor that moves the table up/down. One of the oddly satisfying aspects of adjustments, at least to me, is the "popping" sound after the spine/joints are manipulated. That popping sound is the result of the joints releasing gas.  When I called to schedule my initial visit, office staff offered to call my insurance company to confirm that it covers chiropractic care. Staff then called me back to say, yes, I'm good. I really appreciated that! In addition to chiropractic care, MPC offers massage therapy. I haven't tried a massage yet, but will probably do so soon.  If you have back, neck, shoulder, etc. issues, check out MPC. They're great!
I am usually not one to leave bad reviews but my experience with this office was so poor, I felt inclined to do so. I was looking for a new Dr. and called to make my annual Well Woman's exam with Dr. Mansfield. The receptionist informed me that before I was able to make the actual exam appointment, I needed to schedule an initial/consultation visit, and that they could schedule the exam afterwards. I agreed and came in for the initial visit.   The visit was fine and the Dr. inquired if there were any medical issues going on that I specifically wanted to address. I shared a few things with her that I wanted to be sure were addressed in the next visit. She sent me away with some blood work orders and told me that we would discuss the lab work and complete the exam when I came back in.   I got busy and wasn't able to make it in for the blood work or the exam, and in the meantime, received a bill in the mail for $150! My insurance covers the cost completely of any annual Well Woman's visit so I was very surprised by the expensive bill. I called the billing office to inquire. They informed me that it was coded as a sick visit but said they were confused because in the notes, it indicated I called for a Well Woman's visit. They said because I expressed "concerns" in the initial visit (which the doctor specifically inquired about), that the doctor coded it as a sick visit instead. Mind you, no exam/tests of any sort were conducted, I literally went in for the appointment because I was told I had to as part of the Well Woman's exam process.   Long story short, I ended up having to call a total of 5 times (no exaggeration) to follow up and see if the doctor would re-code the bill accurately. The first 4 calls to the billing office, I was told they would talk to the Dr. and get back to me, which never happened. Ultimately, the Dr. refused to re-code the bill because no exam occurred (which, if you're picking up what I'm putting down, literally could not have occurred under their current policy of initial visit before exam). On top of that, after finally receiving that answer and agreeing to pay the sick visit cost, they told me they had sent it to collections!!! (which was also ultimately incorrect). Either way, I feel like this office scams you for your money and the communication was horrible. Beware!
My wife and I started going here after an auto accident and are very glad we found this office. The team is very friendly and they explain everything so you're not left in the dark. They've also been very pleasant to work with and work around my schedule. A wonderful team!
I can offer no better review than the fact that Dr. Dedinsky has been my doctor for more than 15 years.  I highly suggest him to anyone looking for a new doctor. He is routinely listed in Phoenix magazine's "Top Docs" issue and always has surpassed my expectations.
Jen and Brendan are great.  If you need physical therapy this is the place to go.  Laid back atmosphere but they know what they are doing and how to tend to your needs.  Hope I don't ever need physical therapy again but if I do I'll be coming back.
I've been going to Cornerstone off and on for a few years now and they've always been accommodating and wonderful to work with. They offer a good range of services to help you address your issues, including Pilates and Massage Therapy.  They even have a student rate for Ryerson students which made it very affordable for me when I first started going to the clinic. Another convenient aspect about Cornerstone is that they have two locations!  I've been seeing Marcia as my physiotherapist since the beginning and she is great. She employs a variety of techniques such as acupuncture for her treatments and is a great communicator. She also suggested that I see Anne a couple of times a week for Pilates to help with muscle strengthening, which has been awesome. I recently also started to see Matthew for massage, which I've also been really enjoying as part of my treatment.  I've come a long way since when I first started going to the clinic, but it's taken a long time to fix what I needed to fix. If you have the insurance and patience to see it through, this clinic is for you.
I am very picky who I go to for any kind of health care. This Doc came with a high recommendation from a friend.  I was impressed with his knowledge and ability to listen to my concerns and respect I take an active roll in my healthcare.  I will definitely recommend.
Ron rocks! I visited Maximum Velocity proactively because I hadn't trained as much as I should have for an upcoming half-marathon. He gave me some running form tips to help minimize soreness and make me a more efficient runner. I made it through the races just fine! I'm continuing to visit so Ron can help me with strength training exercises to be a better runner. So far so great!
I've met and been seen with lots of doctors but Dr. Wingard has been the best of all the doctors. He takes care of your health issues and listens to your personal struggles regarding your wellbeing. I feel like he's part of my family who really cares about us.  He's very kind and very attentive to health problems.  We need more doctors like him in our society....
Arghhh screw this place. Chiara F was definitely right about the fact that people should NOT come here!!! I too waited more than two hours for a simple prescription. I asked them if they took healthnet and they called to make sure. They said that they took my healthcare provider and now I ended up with a bill for more than what the cost of the visit was. Ugh, livid with this place. Do NOT come here!
Let me start by saying that Dr. Silver has been the only Doctor I have recommended and I have based my decision on medical insurance based on what he takes so I can keep him.  I've been a patient for over 16 years.  He has never steered me in the wrong decisions and has actually done additional work for issues that may have come up.  He is sympathetic and is a skilled doctor.    However...that was when he had the Buffalo office and the McDaniels office.  He had one great nurse that was attentive and always followed up on medical procedures.  Now, either it's due to his office staff, his joint partnership with the additional doctors, or perhaps his age, but he is impossible to speak with, his nurses do not follow up with you, and it's just not worth the aggravation.  My latest and only poor story begins with me being a grave shift worker.  I can only be reached until the afternoon.  I called for a prescription issue (as in not enough was prescribed to cover the entire year, and a sooner appt would not have been available due to my insurance).  While I only needed one month extra, his nurses did not call me back until the third call.  When they did it was during my sleep at approximately 5:30pm.  I called back and again, no return call.  I called back and left my 5th message and again stressing I was unavailable after 1pm.  I received a call at 4:45pm the following day.  6 calls later and an email, and only receiving a message twice when I could not be reached, I've decided to now get screenings at my general practitioner.  They have the same policy about prescriptions, but she was able to make an exception as she knows I'll be there at my appointed time.    It may be time for him to retire.  He's been my favorite doctor.  I just wish he would have been able to remain so.  :(
Best place to come for a massage or an adjustment.  I love Dr Christoper. Best Chiropractor ever.  She really cares and listens to her patients. After a bad car accident, the place I was going to before was not helping me get better.  In just four weeks at AZ Spine Disk and Sport I am getting better by leaps and bounds. Geneva at the front desk is amazing and Cody and Mac in the therapy area are fantastic. Bree gives the best massage ever.  She is the Mozart of Massage.  I love this place! If you are in pain, these are the people to see.
My dear mother has been seen at the Tenaya clinic for general care. Now she has to have surgery and has waited over a month to have it performed. The day before surgery she was told that there was a "heart irregularity." In the days leading up to the scheduled surgery she has had literally dozens of tests. But, apparently they either never performed a stress test or an EEG prior to the surgery date.  I went with her to one appointment with Dr. Ang who wondered if my mom could touch her toes! And, she barely discussed the horrific rash my mother got as the result of the contrast dye when she had a CT scan. Finally she got around to discussing the 14 cm tumor and a referral for surgery.Since then my mother has had nothing but the run around having her jump hoop after hoop.  Caremore is a scam on older Americans. They bank on seniors dying rather than giving them appropriate, timely care.
When we asked for a full physical body check up, we we only had blood work by Dr. Kur. And basically just said everything is good and that we are healthy. She didn't really ask for more details about our history. My boyfriend has real problems with his knee and he was just instructed to go to xray. When asked if he can get an MRI, he was told it will take a very long time and that she doesn't even recommend it to cancer patients. We were appalled but didn't know what to do. She made us feel like she wasn't interested in ensuring that we are in good health and good shape even after telling her our health concerns. She could have at least given us options or maybe tell us the right process to get a full physical check up. I do not recommend this clinic and this doctor. To top it all, the receptionists are all rude and unfriendly.
Dr. Reed truly is phenomenal. I haven't been able to move my neck right for over a week. Just a few moments on the free message table, a few minutes for adjustment, and bam! I could turn my neck, thank god! And thank you Dr. Reed. ^~^
This is the best experience I have ever had with a chiropractor. He takes the time to listen and address my concerns. His adjustments are gentle but so effective. He finds the problem areas, it is amazing how well he finds them, and takes care of it. I recommend him to all of my friends and my clients. He is also very friendly and explains what he is doing every step of the way. Thanks Dr. Nemanic! You rock!
This place was incredibly thorough and professional! Thao the PA is kind, compassionate and explained everything. I wouldn't hesitate to come here for any health needs.
My daughters and I have been going here for 3+ years...........In the past 4 months, they have hired new people, almost the entire staff turned over.  The new people haven't been told we can hear their comments through the door.........their RUDE and Condescending when they think you cant hear them...........and the same attitudes when you are face to face with them -- We are finished with this practice!
Richard Sedillo is not only a true professional in his field, he is someone I am proud to call a friend.  I met Richard about 3 years ago after a car accident, when my GP referred me to him for an evaluation.  I rehabbed with him for a year, and my shoulder was back to where it was pre-accident with very little pain after (my choice to not have surgery).  Over the years, whenever I have an issue - an ache or pain - he is my first call to get checked out to see if it's something else causing it, and normally it is.  A quick check in with him and session and I'm usually back to new and have learned something about how to better prevent it in the future.  He's treated my kids, kids from their baseball team, and is just a very knowledgeable Individual overall.  I really value my relationship with Richard and highly recommend him to anyone who is in pain!
I absolutely love this place! The staff here is amazing, friendly, and so helpful. Dr Cirelli has helped me through so many problems. From headaches, to foot problems and even neck problems. I do not know where my health and body would be without them. I cannot thank Dr Cirelli and his staff enough for all they have done for me!
Dr. Salcedo is the best!  She will take care of you and is very prompt with her appointments. She'll listen to your concerns and order all the needed labs or tests to find out what's wrong with your health.
Don't go here unless you want an average chiropractic visit and then be victim to an unsolicited, all-out marketing campaign. I visited him a couple times about 18 months ago and all of the sudden I am receiving weekly spam emails, mailings to my house, and even had an automated telemarketer call my cell phone on his behalf. Extremely unprofessional and tacky to resort to telemarketing.
I recently moved to Nevada and was looking for a great doctor.  I believe I found him. Very friendly and informative team. Thanks for everything.
I went to Zen recently for my first time. I was really impressed at how they turned the houses into professional/spa space. I was able to get an appointment the day of, which was great. They have over 20 masseuses, so you can find one that works for you.  My massage was really good. I was so relaxed afterwards. I'm ready to book my next one! The atmosphere was great, the prices are really reasonable, and I appreciate how easy it is to get an appointment. Cannot wait to return!
Classic bate and switch. I chose this practice as my PCP because they have a few docs on the Phx Top Doc list. But you cannot see them! When you call in you can only see a resident. I am going to have to call my insurance and change my PCP again. If I wanted to see residents I would go to the ER.
My family saw Dr. McCoy for over 15 years. We drove over 30 miles to see him. He has now left this practice and it shows. He would die if he knew how his patients were treated or should I say not treated now. Dignity Health Care would be smart to pull out of this practice now this place is bad news. Ian McLeod doesn't care and cannot even answer a phone message after 4 months of calls and at least 15 messages. He just doesn't care and can't be bothered.
Still waiting w/my mother in law, racing heart & trouble breathing, but no chest pain. They randomly take patients,  1st person to get here @ 8am still hasn't been seen (9:30 now).  I heard the front desk lady say they don't take you in the order you come in,  it's the order they do your paperwork.  Say what?  Some lady who walked in w/a cold went right in.  This isn't a dire emergency,  but I would think a patient w/a racing heart would be seen BEFORE  someone w/a stuffy nose.  ----Update after 2hrs finally got in.  The PA, Alexandra Leguire, was awesome. Would give her 5 stars. Very nice, professional, & thorough. If you must go to this urgent care hopefully you can see her. Rest of this place,  disorganized.
I went to Dr Fry in search of a doctor in Arizona who knew something about Lyme disease. I move here from NH and I had been going to ine of the top lyme doctors in New York for 2 1/2 years but was still undergoing treatment and needed a local doctor. I tried to share my extensive history with him but he didn't want to hear it at all. He told me all doctors were wrong about Lyme disease and went into some rant about how his testing was the only one that was accurate.  When I had questions for him he got offended and treated me so horribly I left in tears. 2 weeks later I got a letter saying he would be refusing to treat me from that point forward. I certainly wasnt going to go back after the office experience so there really was no need for the letter. What doctors sends a letter like that? Oh and did I mention his office administrative practices are awful? I paid at the time of my appointment and 2 weeks later i got a bill with his lovely letter. Luckily I had my receipt handy and sent that along with a letter of my own in place of payment. Dr Horowitz, you should remove is name from your Lyme book Why Can't I Get Better.... A well respected doctor should not associate himself with the train wreck of a doctor that Fry is.
0 stars if I could.  I walked in and a lady with greasy blond hair wouldn't even look at me. Answered my question without eye contact and with short irritated answers. Seemed annoyed that I walked in a disrupted her convo with other employees. Walked out and never to return!
Been 6 days since my grandmas been in Sante, Progress is going pretty well with the exception of a few miscommunications on both parts but we're quickly rectified. I even have the administrators cell phone #s if I needed anything at all. I had to speak with Todd on a Sat and he promptly called back and addressed my concern. Kudos to you for going above and beyond. The restaurant has amazing food and there are many rooms you can hang out in. This is by far the most beautiful rehab facility I've ever seen. She has her own room with refrigerator, microwave, closet, pullout couch bed (anyone can stay the night) kitchen table. My grandma really feels at home here. Thank you for keeping such good care of our Queen Bee. I will update again in a week.
I see Christa at Platinum Health & Wellness and she's fantastic. I have chronic neck and back issues and through regular acupuncture and physiotherapy treatments, plus the odd light cupping (so cool!), we've been able to minimize my discomfort. Not only does Christa obliterate all my knots with great focus and care, she's also really fun to be around, we love chatting about common interests and, before I know it, I'm feeling significantly better and leaving with a new movie recommendation or restaurant to try. I like the understated space, it's cozy and there's always good music playing lightly in the background. Very serene. I travel all the way from Bloor and Jarvis because I'm so sold on this spot. THANK YOU!
Eric was my therapist.  He was knowledgeable, through, and informative.  He explained everything - why I had to perform certain exercises, what the expected and possible outcomes were, and progress and changes along the way.  Unfortunately for me, the end result was not good.  But that was not because of Eric.  In fact, the bad outcome I suffered was a possible outcome discussed by Eric.  I felt like he (and I) gave a best shot and I very much appreciated his efforts.  He was also very patient but firm.  I though those were great qualities in a physical therapist.
Dr. Richard L. Engle is the worst doctor I have ever had the displeasure of seeing.  We went to see him for precautionary shots since we where traveling to Peru. I left the appointment on the verge of tears because Dr. Richard L. Engle made it very clear that i was a terrible mother for wanting to take my toddler son to Peru with me.  He was beyond rude, unprofessional, rushed the appointment was insulting and even though I made the appointment for my 1yr old and myself he refused to see my son and insisted I make an appointment for another day.   He gives Mayo Clinic a bad name, if you are looking for a family doctor DO NOT see Dr. Engle. http://www.mayoclinic.org/biographies/engle-richard-l-m-d/bio-20053381
I would highly recommend Dr. Petrick and his team. He is professional and very knowledgeable. Was able to significantly reduce my mother's pain within just a few visits. He is a compassionate and caring person who truly cares about the health and well being of his patients. Office staff is also very courteous and friendly. Scheduling was flexible and easy to get in when needed. Appreciate the care from everyone at Las Vegas Pain Relief Center.
One of my friends recommended this place to me. It's very clean and the nurses are all very nice and friendly. The guy in the front desk was very helpful. Dr.Gaimaro is very good!! He was very caring and insisted if i wasn't feeling better in 5 days to come back! I was in and out in about an hour and a half. Thank you rapid care!
If I could give half a star I would   When a customer/patient has an appointment at a designated time you should be seen no later than maybe 5 or 10 minutes but we waited 35 minutes  Cmon guys
I absolutely love going to Bodyworks! I'm very lucky to have benefits that cover massage therapy - they started last Summer, so I was able to have a massage every couple of weeks to use up my benefits, but this year I will have to stretch it out to once a month :( I see Alex almost every time I go, except maybe once or twice when she wasn't available. I have no complaints about my treatments - they are thorough, careful, and reflect whatever my needs are that day.   Now let's talk customer service - I have never had such excellent service at a massage clinic. It starts the moment you decide to book. Bodyworks has no designated receptionist, but you wouldn't know it. In between appointments, the RMTs take turns checking emails and voice mails. I tend to email my appointment requests, because I don't always have time to make a phone call from work (and yet, I have time to write this review?). I send an email saying I want an appointment for Saturday mid-dayish, and I get a prompt response with a list of times available. If I book at least a week or two in advance, I usually get several choices (I suggest pre-booking at the time of your appt through). If they don't have any availability, they will always make the effort to find an alternative time or put you on the cancellation list. Sometimes the same email chain will have responses from several different people, so it just goes to show they share the responsibility of taking care of clients equally.  So, appointment is booked, and I am counting down the days. I always have a glass of water or two before starting, and Alex sits with me and has an actual conversation about how I'm feeling and what I want to work on. In the past, I have worked with RMTs that don't necessarily discuss what you want. They may listen carefully, but I don't always know if I'm making myself clear because I don't know the names for all the muscles. With Alex, I am confident she knows what I mean when I gesture to my shoulder and, once again, complain about sitting at my desk for 8 hours a day.  I like that the music isn't always whale sounds set to Bach - it's Frank Sinatra or  Norah Jones maybe. I love that there is always a heating pad to warm my cold toes in the winter and it helps to relax my muscles. I once went to an appointment when I was recovering from a nasty cold; Alex boiled some water, dropped a little peppermint oil in there, and put it under the head rest so I could inhale it while she worked on my back. That right there is going the extra mile to make your client feel comfortable and taken care of.   My next appointment is in 1.5 weeks and I look forward to it. Oh, and the price is right - my benefits leave me to pay for just the taxes.
AZ Body Mechanics is awesome! The staff is friendly and Dr. Ehren always welcomes you with a smile and inquires how you are feeling. You can tell he truly cares. I've had 3 back surgeries and have utilized Pilates in my rehabilitation after those surgeries. Lesley Shea is the BEST instructor I've ever had. She pushes me hard to get a great work-out, all the while paying careful attention to my back condition. I haven't felt this good in a very long time! Thanks Lesley! You're the bomb!
Doctor was excellent. Very knowledgeable, took the time to know you, learn about your history. Before even doing the exam he asked very good questions to narrow down the possibilities and understand the specifics. The appointment was on time, facility very nice, and the fact they have very successfully integrated modern technology into the practice makes it unbeatable. I would have rated 10 stars if I had the option.
I've been going to Toronto Bodyworks now for well over a year, and have always appreciated the fantastic, on time - high quality service I have received.   Sue & team are well trained, and very professional. The location is a bit strange to find at first (it is quite literally over a Subway Sandwich restaurant) - but once inside, it is clean, comfortable and welcoming.   I've never had a bad massage or service hear. I will say that it may be a bit more expensive for some of the services. To have someone you trust however, may be worth the premium.  If you are looking for a "spa" experience, this is probably not it. If you are looking for highly trained, professional practitioners that know what they are doing from a health and holistic perspective, you're in the right place.   Hours are also good, love the availability for weekend appointments.
Even though I have a high deductible health plan, where I am told specifically NOT to pay upfront for a doctor service, this office DISREGARDS this and asks to pay $80 for a general appointment BEFORE seeing the doctor. Repeated discussions with their staff did not help. I mentioned that I would be close to meet my deductible this year. Anyways, when the claim report came from the insurance company, I was only supposed to pay $10 for the visit. Now, as you can guess in the last 6 weeks I have not got any check back for the extra amount and it is such a pain to get refund back. I have to go back to the office just for this. Be aware of this!
My daughter went here for a regular exam and check up. They took her card information for payment. They ran the card 3 times, but took the one payment. This incurred $6 worth of fees for the multiple attempts. They then took the money and continue to bill her. We have faxed over the proof of all the attempts and the actual debit. They still continue to bill! Pathetic! They need to get it together.  Why they had to swipe it 3 times when they had their money I have no idea!
We came here for my husband's gastric surgery. From pre-registration to intake to surgical care it has been personable care. We really like this hospital!
My husband had surgery here on 2/16/17. The entire staff was absolutely amazing. From pre registration to discharge he had incredible care. We highly recommend this hospital.
Staff incompetent on filling prescriptions. Have been trying to get a prescription filled for 7 days and literally have left 15 messages. Office staff have assured me they have sent urgent messages to the doctor and still no prescription. Pretty frightening from a patient perspective. This happened to me last year also.
Hands-down the worst clinic I've been to. The receptionists are rude and unwelcoming, which wouldn't be a big deal had I actually received any medical help there, but I didn't.   Dr. Nguyen looked like she's almost offended that I was there. She didn't want to hear my symptoms (actually kept cutting me off with stuff like "fine I'll give you antibiotics", like she just wanted me out of there at any cost). I actually asked her why she's being so rude when I'm just asking for a diagnosis, and her response was "I don't have any answers for you".   This clinic verges on being a rip-off. You can go there if you need a doctor's note or something trivial like that, but don't expect any kind of real treatment.
I've been seeing Dr. Fischbeck for just under two years.  I am very happy with the care and treatment I've received.  Weather it's a last minute trip for stitches or to remove a piece of a broken needle from my foot (both my fault) or a regular check up, I am always able to get in quickly.  The staff is kind and attentive and the medical care is always given with a very human and compassionate feel.  I also love how, when necessary, Dr. Fischbeck tells it like it is.  He knows when to be blunt and when a little TLC is needed.   They also recently remodeled their office which makes it a much more open and welcoming environment.  I will keep going Dr. Fischbeck and would recommend his office to anyone looking for a great family practice physician.
I went to Blue Skyes Massage for both lymphatic and regular massages.  I results were wonderful - my allergies were improved and I noticed improved posture right away.  Davonna is very thorough and knowledgeable.  I highly recommend Blue Skye Massage Clinic!
I moved here from a small town to be able to get "more options for my conditions. After coming here I am realizing that was the worst mistake ever,  and all the progress I have made I am now going backwards. They dropped medication 40% on my first visit with no other alternatives. My doctor assigns tests that he doesn't tell me what results I have,  so I don't know if I am progressing or getting worse. The wait time is long and when you get in I only have 3 minutes to talk while at the same time the doctor is on the computer. The nurse and office staff are nice and professional in my experience.  Now my doctor has ordered a "electrical response"  test and I have a pacemaker. I am now scared if I get hurt. I am going to see if I can go somewhere else, I just wish I was meet halfway. Sad to hear that I am not the only one who is having problems.
Best urgent care I've been to. Had a fight with my stairs and ended up messing my knee up pretty good. Shot up to urgent care to get some X-rays and turns out it wasn't broken, but did have to get the knee drained. The doctor was amazing. Had some issues maintaining consciousness from the pain, woke up to the doctor maintaining my airway, getting me fluids via IV and had me on oxygen immediately. My wife was terrified as she's never seen this happen first hand. As bad as it turned out, I am very thankful I was there, and extremely grateful for the care I was provided.   Not something I "want" to say about visiting an urgent care, but if/when I need to go again, that'll be my first stop!
I have been going to Kempton Physical Therapy for 20+ years.  I have had various injuries that have caused me to have prolonged and chronic pain. Paul Kempton and his staff always take great care of me and get me feeling better quickly.
You stated you worked with my ins for two years?  I am not disputing whether I owed you $$$.  You never sent me a bill or contacted me.  If you had I would have been able to contact my ins and find out what the issue was.  How did you expect to get paid if you don't send a statement???????  Sooooo just skip the bill and send me right to collections??  Very poor service or incompetence.  After not knowing for two years it is too late to resolve with my insurance for a visit that should have been 100% covered.  Instead of excuses why don't you take responsibility as you got your $$$$$$!!!!!
Needed help with allergic reaction. The staff was fast and courteous. Was feeling better before I left. Saved me an er visit. The PAs are fantastic.
Its decent facility with good doctors.... That's most important. Wait times are minimal. Cosmetically, some areas need a face lift. The carpets are yucky and there is a perpetual stench  in the elevators. I loathe using them. I normally opt for the stairs.
Ok-you "yelpers" SCARED me about this place, but my experience was GOOD! i got a nice call day before appt. and my appt. was maybe 15min. past-no problem. (just try waitin' at Nevada Heart & Vascular Ctr. sometime-minimum 3hrs! And NO seating!) Very pleasant doc-no lecture on smoking or weight-whoo-hoo! Got a scrip for shingles shot (yay!) and a "so far" FABULOUS scrip for severe facial pain. Pleasantly surprised-
This place is NOT a Dr's office! This place is a fucking joke! Dr. Adrian Pinzon ... i can't believe you are even an MD and I'll be submitting a formal complaint against you. I came here seeking a medical professional and got an appointment with Dr. Adrian only to get somebody who had prejudice against me, and sat there smirking at me when I was in an accident earlier that day completely denying me of having any pain even when I told him I still suffer from pain when I was in another accident and suffered from a paralyzed face for half a year ago too. I've never been to a doctors office and been told that I need to workout the muscles where my injury is to heal. Only an asshole who wants to go home because it's close to closing says that! This guy didn't even give me any ibuprofen or anything! These people clearly are just "there to be there" and not there to do their jobs.. just trying to collect their paychecks. I wouldn't recommend this office for your kids, your wife or anybody who you love. Somebody you care about deserves the extra few $$ spent on a REAL DR OFFICE! And to you Dr. Adrian Pinzon.... GO BACK TO SCHOOL YOU UNPROFESSIONAL PRICK! YOU TOOK AN OATH AS A DOCTOR AND YOU DONT DESERVE TO CALL YOURSELF A DOCTOR. YOU ARE A FRAUD!
Former customer for hydrotherapy:  This place is not professional in any way shape or form.  I do not trust that she cleans every tube and keeps things hygienic (theres a jug that she used to use for chlorophyll, and its green and the tube is gunky, and apparently now she uses ozonated water, and yet that jug is still greenish and looks like its never been cleaned...  Once there was a shit stain from another client before me on the private toilet in the room.....  She gives very general suggestions to clients and yet she's not certified to give suggestions and nutritional advice is supposed to vary from person to person as we aren't all the same! She even tries to diagnose diseases when she is not qualified to do that! She leaves the door open OFTEN while getting hydrotherapy done and once she encouraged some girl that worked there to solicit me with her aesthetic services...while i was laying on the colonic bed about to be treated!!  Last time one of her very unprofessional massage ladies practically barged into the hydro room arguing with her about needing the get paid, again, while I'm getting a private treatment !!!  She pushes too hard on intestines and sometimes it can really hurt and  irritate the colon, and my partner actually got really hurt last time we went.  Again, last time I went, she cut my session 20 minutes short without telling me, hoping I wouldn't figure it out? Because I was telling her I was feeling nauseous (which is normal if you have a sick gut), and I think she thought I might puke and didn't want to deal with it so she cut my session short and pretended like it was a full session.... I had previously asked her if we could pay by cheque next time because she wanted cash instead of debit to avoid fees on her end, and I told her it's way easier for us to pay by cheque, and she was hesitant, but I ended up convincing her, and she agreed that next time she would accept cheque from us.  Next time comes around, we offer to pay via cheque, and she lies to my face and says she never accepts cheques and that it's cash only.  At first we were like, it's cheap and gets the job done, why not? Right? No.  Heck no.  Value yourself, value your health, and spend a little more for a much, much better experience.  She's not a mean lady, but she doesn't truly care about her clients, she's a hustler, just trying to make cash money, and I'm not trying to be rude, but I had to leave an honest review and say it exactly how it is.  ***UPDATE*** I'm usually never on top of things the way I am with this, as I prefer to let karma  work itself out, but I actually want to help people avoid wasting their time and money  with crooked and dishonest people, so I feel it's my duty to speak out;   The first time I went there I mentioned to her that she had horrid reviews online as I was about  to cancel my first appointment with her for that reason, so my guess is she got a NEW website, for the SAME place, using a most likely FAKE new business address (if you google the address nothing relevant comes up on google!!!) to FOOL people into thinking she's a new hydro spot, AND to start a new "cover" since "Source de la Sante" has gone to shit on google with all the horrendous (and very honest) reviews, and she wants to press "reset".... is that fair? What do you guys think?! Which would explain that the one review this "new" place has, is a five star impeccable one, most probably plotted from her, as this person seems super sketch with no online activity except for writing this one review.  I told you guys this woman is beyond crooked.  Name of "new" business online on google:  "Hydrotherapy Montreal"  And if you check out the source de la sante website and this new one, it has the same coupons and what not, AND if you go to "contact us" section of the new one, it actually has the same address as Source de La Sante's....hmmm.....shocker.  This new added info is for all you people already avoiding Source De La Sante, and  for those who are simply looking to avoid dishonest hygienists whose license should  be revoked for so may reasons, I think that included everyone in Montreal, locals and visitors  alike.
I had a positive experience here. I enjoy the doctors, staff, think the facility is well updated and innovative.  I enjoy that it is nearby my home as well.
Dr. Paige has been awesome at keeping me aligned and going strong!  His office staff is amazing, helpful, friendly and professional.  Dr. Paige is great at explaining what's going on with me and also strengthening and stretching exercises that have always helped me.   He is personal and still professional and seems like a really down to earth and intelligent person.  I highly recommend him to all of my friends!!
Outstanding service the nurses in the behavioral unit are fantastic koodos to ap4 nurse swan is dynamite loving n caring the food needs work but all the nurses n techs,are great the er is   awesome thankyou debra
Had a Groupon, didn't receive my massage. Making an appointment with this place was like pulling teeth. I had left 2 phone messages and sent as a few e-mails before I finally heard back. So we make the appointment via email. They wanted my voucher # which I provided, then the Groupon disappeared altogether. The morning of the appointment I sent an email to confirm, to which I received no reply.  Later that afternoon (but still 4 hours before the set time) I called but no one was there. The appointment time was at 6pm, so I was to drive there from work, which is in the opposite direction of home. Before I left the office I called again. Still no live person to talk to. I was worried about the possible scenario of me driving 30 minutes in the opposite direction of home and no one being there, and since I didn't hear back and there was no answe when I called, I just went home. I never heard from them. No reply to my email asking to confirm my appointment. Bad business practices.
Dr. Dave and his wife Vicki live what they preach.  They are genuinely concerned about their patients, and are two of the most knowledgeable and kind people I have ever met.  My daughter (who is 4) and I feel safe, loved, and important each week when we have our appointment.  The Mancusos are in this business out of pure love, not for money like some other chiropractors we have been to.  Amazing people all around.
I did some drop-in WODs here.  Everyone was very welcoming and the WODs were a lot of fun.  Omar was great.  High energy and he gave everyone feedback and encouragement to keep us going.
My experience with Rosedale wellness goes back a few years.  I was suffering from back pain and wanted a chiropractic adjustment.  I thought my appointment was for an adjustment.  Between the information session with 10 other people, the XRay, more information sessions, being asked twice if I was sure I had not been in a car accident - this guy has zero respect for patients time.  So much sitting and being sold on their other services and wanting to see how much insurance coverage I had to maximize it.  There were times he booked me to come in to just get more sales sessions on other services I should be buying.  Try getting out the door without booking your next appointment.  After going three or four times I  found a different chiropractor who gave me the adjustments I needed and wasn't obsessed with getting more of my money.  It took two or three sessions and I was great, back to normal and pain free ever since.  I wouldn't go back to Rosedale Wellness if they were the only chiro's around.
We just moved to Vegas a few months ago from LA and this was my first attempt at finding a good doctor.  I'm giving Forte Family Practice 2 stars because I've seen Dr. Purdy twice and feel she is a great doctor that cares about her patients.  The nurses and staff that I've met in the doctors office are great also.    I'm not happy with this office for 2 reasons:  1. They are extremely rude on the phone.  I called the office to confirm my appointment and once the representative gave me the date and time he hung up the phone abruptly even after I said thank you.  I spoke to several staff members when I was trying to refill my prescription and it took them a whole week to get back to me.  No one called me back after leaving several messages.  Once I finally spoke to a nurse she was rude and also hung up abruptly.  I was told by one of the nurses in the office that they have a call center.  That should not be an excuse since they should be trained to handle any type of call no matter how busy it is.  2. They do not refill prescriptions automatically and cannot call or fax prescriptions directly to your pharmacy.  This is a surprise to me since it's 2014 and my doctors in LA have been doing this for years.  I understand that they want you to see a doctor first before approving a prescription.   If it has been an ongoing prescription they should not have an issue at least confirming 1 months worth of medicine until an appointment can be made.  I don't believe the administrative staff sees the importance of treating their patients with respect.  It doesn't matter if they have a call center.  The call center should be trained to be professionals and show they are part of a medical office that cares about people.
It has taken me over two full months to process the experience I had at this establishment. TWO MONTHS to attempt to even put into words the odd, ODD experience I had. I am no stranger to new doctors and trying to establish roots somewhere(I moved around a lot as a child and have continued to as an adult. Most recently from Reno to Las Vegas). I waited a year before I even ventured out to try to find a primary care physician because I was still whining over having to leave my amazing doctor in Reno and I just couldn`t bring myself to go out and find someone until after I had lived here for some time. I did some searching and the reviews on here seemed decent(or I may have been drunk that day and not seen the bad reviews). I decided, "Eh, what the hell. Let's give this place a try." The few reviews I did read with my rose colored glasses had mentioned how nice the doctor was and I WANT someone nice who is going to be all up in my vajayjay. Not creepy nice, but a decent nice where I don`t feel 100% awkward(only like 75%).  So, I called to set up an appointment WAY in advance(I think it was literally like a month), and they scheduled me for a general exam and pap. That seemed easy enough and the person on the phone seemed friendly. I had all the confidence in the world. The actual day came for my appointment and I literally took half a day off because I read there were some wait times, which I don't mind within reason. I got there EARLY(because I`m a responsible adult) to check in and the first thing the lady told me after I checked in was "She doesn't do paps anymore!". I was like "okay." I was very confused and a little bit thrown off at that point. I figured I would get in there and talk to the doctor about this confusion, get a general overview, maybe get a breast exam. Also, I had a weird rash(no, not THAT kind of weird rash), that I wanted to get some help with, so I was there to stay and go on with the appointment.   I waited. Then..I waited. Then you know what I did? I waited. I waited 2 and a half hours. Towards the end of the wait I almost bailed because I kept thinking "I don`t understand what is happening". I heard several people go up and ask about the wait and they were all told the same thing and that is that they were running 2 hours behind. How does that even happen? Okay, maybe get a handle on your scheduling process if this seems to be a normal thing. Anyway, when I was finally called in, I was called by the doctor herself, which I found mildly odd. I was waiting for an assistant to take me in, but whatever.   I entered the room and first I went to go sit on the little table with the sheet on it and she patted the chair by the computer and she was like "come sit over here and let's chat". Okay, let's..I guess? She asked me a little bit about my history and let me know that next time we would do the pap(WHAT in the hell?!). I did not say this out loud, but right then and there I had decided I would NOT be coming back to this strange place where time isn't respected and there is just an overall dysfunctional atmosphere. So, we "chatted". The doctor WAS nice in all fairness. She seemed to really like to take her time with her patients and I CAN appreciate that, but no. I told her about my rash and she was like "show me", so I did and she prescribed some cream(which did help, BUT she prescribed me WAY too much. Like a ridiculous amount. That is another story for another time, though, my friends). When discussing my womanly exams, she let me know she was a firm believe that I needed a pap once a year regardless of my history(my other doctor felt I could go longer based on my history. I believe every doctor has their own set of beliefs and that is all good). There were some other "off" moments during my conversation with the doctor, where my feeling of "I`m never coming back here" strengthened, but I will not go into those here. Just...weird.  At the end of her "chat" with me, she sent her assistant in to take my vitals. What? This happens usually AT THE BEGINNING. She took my blood pressure and then ASKED ME what my weight and height were instead of just, ya know, weighing me and measuring me. The assistant was very nice, but that is besides the point. I can solidly say I will NEVER return here. It was just not professional, too long of a wait, and I feel like nothing got accomplished that day, after a 2.5 hour wait, besides having a "chat" and getting some rash cream. For fu*k's sake!
Dr. Young was condescending and overconfident when my husband came to him for help. He has had severe chronic back pain for the past year and has tried everything imaginable to resolve the problem, including months of physical therapy. He has a sedentary office job and has noticed that sitting exacerbates the pain, while being mobile relieves it. When he suggested this to Dr. Young, Dr. Young laughed in his face and said he just needs to go back to physical therapy.
Over an hour into our wait and it's not going well. When the desk person was asked by an elderly woman how much longer could they expect to wait her reply was "I have no idea, you came at lunch so what you expect they have to eat" umm maybe a more pleasant "let me check" could have spewed from her unpleasant mouth.
This review is for Noel Chamian - After seeing Doctor Noel Chamian for almost 2 years I had to find a new doctor because of the way I was treated. I am paralyzed and in a wheelchair as I can not walk. Doctor Noel Chamian would not fax over a request to remove me from jury duty unless I came in for a visit. He knows I am paralyzed and it is hard for me to make it in. Still he would not help me out. I asked a few other doctors and they said it was all money related. He didn't want to take 5 seconds to sign a paper unless I paid for an appointment. So sad that my regular doctor wouldn't help me out. He has no time for anyone and all he cares about is money. Do yourself a favor and find another doctor. He staff does nothing unless he tells them to. They are so far from helpful its sad. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME HERE. Find a better doctor!
Making an appointment is difficult even if you are a current patient - I was on hold for 15 minutes! The front desk staff isn't very friendly. What matters is they have good doctors - I saw Dr. Gunn and he was very attentive, caring, and helpful.
Thank you Julie for giving me such a wonderful experience I'm so excited to come back and do all my treatments you seem to be a wonderful loving person looking for two my next visit and many more
DO NOT COME HERE.   I found this place from ZocDoc, which actually seemed like a decent location to go. I showed up half an hour early, to fill out paperwork and make sure everything was squared away. The receptionist did not greet me, and was chatting on her personal cell, and made it seem like I was bothering her when I asked to check in. After filling out paperwork, I waited for 45 minutes before being shown to a room.   The office seems very old and creepy. Each room had a floor fan and a beat up desk. One of the hallways didn't even have its lights on! Just completely dark, very creepy.   I waited in the room for an HOUR before finally getting up and searching for someone. I couldn't find any nurse or doctor (which is very strange), and even went into their break room! The place just looked completely deserted.   Finally I found someone who informed me that the doctor would "be right with me". I had other errands to run, so I packed my things and was walking out the door when the doctor came running up to me. She informed me that she had another patient to see before me, and to wait 15 minutes. (At this point I was very upset and frustrated). I told her that I would not wait, since I had been waiting already an hour in the patient room. She asked me to wait a moment, that she would tell the other patient to wait and then she could help me.  She was knowledgable, and her beside manner was good, but it's not worth the wait. She examined me, wrote me a prescription (had to wait another 20 minutes for this), and I was finally free to go. Oh, and that receptionist was still on her phone when I was waiting in the lobby.   Moral of the story; don't trust ZocDoc with their recommendations. I should've checked Yelp to see what people had to say. This could've all been avoided if I had seen all these reviews first! And don't go to this practice!!! THE MOST unprofessional and unpleasant experience I've had the displeasure of living through.
I wish there was an option for 0 stars because that's what this doctors office deserves. I called them to confirm they provided the medical services I needed and was told that they do. They won't make an appointment for you over the phone, they make you do it through a stupid app called "zocdoc". I made an appointment through the app and got an email an hour later saying it was canceled.  So, I made another appointment and same thing, cancelled. The only difference this time is they cancelled 2 hours before my appointment. So I called the doctors office to figure out what was going on. They have no voice-mail for you to leave a message if they don't answer so I just waited on hold listening to that godawful version of fur Elise they decide to play for you instead of just ringing like a normal doctors office.  When they finally answered, I was told they do not do what I need to get done.  Therefore they have these options for services on that app that are supposed to be 100% accurate and they're not.  So in the end instead of being able to find another doctor to see me instead of thinking I had an appointment with them. I have to go and find another and hope they have an appointment at a reasonable time. DO NOT GO TO THIS DOCTORS OFFICE!!!! FIND ANOTHER ONE THAT WON'T LIE TO YOU AND WASTE YOUR TIME!!! I SEE WHY THEY HAVE A 3 STAR OVERALL RATING!
First off let me start off by saying there aren't that many places of business where the entire staff are amazing. They are ALL just so nice, helpful, & accommodating. That's customer service. Also, with the treatments itself, the environment is so peaceful & relaxing. I usually fall asleep :) I see a difference in my energy levels & my body just look better & better! I'm a returning customer & these wraps truly WORK! I'm so glad I found u :) because let me tell u, with 2 kids, a full time job, & finding time for auditions, its VERY hard to get motivated for so gym time, :( but this helps me because I look forward to this a lot more! Thank u so much
I went to pt for my knee pain. I've been working with Mark for the past 6 or 7 weeks.  My knees are so much better.  When I come in we spend the time on him deeply working the area and electric stimulation. He expects me to do my exercises at home and  I don't waste time at  my appointment doing these.  He is very knowledgable and pleasant to work with. I feel like we are a team working   towards healthier knees! By far the best PT  Experience I've ever had. I highly recommend Landmark Physical Therapy!
Super disappointed with this clinic. I had before small annoyances ... but the last visit I made to the clinic to receive the result of my urinary test, for the second time and again I did not have the result. I think there should be a little more responsibility. Because it is about our health.
We went in my husband and I to get our blood pressure and thyroid medicine.  We waited for about an hour with no one waiting in lobby.  When the doctor came in we talked to him and wanted our medicines refilled.  The doctor wasn't paying attention to what we need.  I had blood drawn and pee sample for my medicine. Well come to find out he didn't give me both of my medicine. Just gave me one when we told them they didn't give me all my medicine they looked it up and told me that we didn't talk to the doctor about our medicine refills. We would have to come in again for another visit and pay for a doctors visit. All they want is the money they don't care about you all they care about is the money.  Please everyone don't go to this place they are not good doctors or staff. Big mistake if you go they rip you off.
I have been a patient of Dr. Reed for over a year now. When I first came to see Dr.Reed I was suffering from migranes on a daily and was tired of the pain and poping of pills that gave me no relief. Dr. Reed started me an a therapy plan and now I no longer suffer from these daily migranes. I get them every once in a while and can say I have noticed a great improvement. Thank you Dr. Reed for taking care of me and taking the time to listen to my concerns. Dr. Reed and his office makes all his patients feel welcome and gives everyone that extra care that patients need. If your looking for a great Chiropractor look no further. I highly recommend!
PHYSIOFLOW Hands down is the best clinic in Thornhill!! They have an amazing staff and patient care is their #1 priority. Recently I had to deal with a serious injury ( complete Achilles' tendon rupture) and as an athlete and wanting to get back to playing, I had to choose THE best rehab team to give me the reassurance and enough confidence that I can fully recover from this injury. Well PHYSIOFLOW did just that with  proper treatments and exercise programs. During my rehab I used few of their services which included; physiotherapy, chiropractic treatments, massage therapy, acupuncture and shockwave therapy with the advice of my amazing physiotherapist. If you are looking for a clinic to help you get rid of your pain/injury and guide you to reach your optimal shape, then you should definitely check out PHYSIOFLOW.
After reading all of the reviews I was very excited to try this place. I've actually only written one semi negative review on yelp because I believe in spreading positivity, not negativity. I just moved to the area and found the studio on yelp and saw it was only 6 minutes away. I got there today at 5:20 AM for the morning session. The studio was very nice.  However, the front desk associate was not. This was an older woman with long hair. I told her I've never been here and I'd like to do the $30 for 30 day new member offer. This woman was extremely rude to me. It seemed as though I was a great inconvenience to her. She handed me the form to fill out. As filling out I ignored her attitude and mentioned that I typically go to Sumits. She snaps "well this is nothing like Sumits" and then explains the flow. Okay, I say, that's fine. I then say well I guess I do want to ask, I typically have to leave at 6:30 because I have to get ready for work and be there at 8:00. She looks at me like I just cussed at her or something. Oh well you can but really it's meant to be the 90 minute and then she just glared at me. I just kind of looked at her and say alright I guess it may not work. I put the pen down and leave. There's more awkwardness to it but hard to write out. She just gives me a dirty look and does not say anything, no thank you, goodbye, nothing. I know this whole review may sound petty but I am just in shock by how rude this woman was. Yoga and meditation is supposed to be a place filled with love, peace, and happy people! I've been practicing for almost 2 years now and have never felt such negative energy in a studio before. This woman had such bad energy, she does not even belong in this business. I actually work down the street as a property manager, I'll be sure to stop telling all of my residents about the Bikram Studio around the corner. I'll refer them elsewhere. From what the studio website states, they just re-opened. I would highly suggest a more customer service oriented and courteous individual representing their company, otherwise they will loose a lot of business. They just lost 10+ new memberships here!
Love this studio! Nice atmosphere with polite staff. Most of the teachers are pretty funny as well. I used to go to true hot yoga in arrowhead ranch. Both are pretty similar except 3 things. Small parts of the flow are different (like anywhere). Summits is hotter and always busy. Obviously everyone loves this place and that's why they're busy. However, I don't like being right next to someone every time. You're touching people with your poses and maneuvering around them... Nothing summits can do about this though, just a result of their awesomeness.
I have been coming here for over a decade. It was my goto place when I didn't feel well. Hurt my back or rolled a quad. During time with my quads I was in so much I should have had a speed pass.   Today was my last visit. I was the first customer of the day.  The young man up front was nice and got me from the parking lot with a wheel chair. As I couldn't walk from the tremendously hurting ankle. He was 5 star nice.   The X-ray tech Marie was nice and careful with the wheel chair. Took her time taking me for x-rays and made sure to back into rooms to avoid hitting my foot. Thx Marie.  She also took care to deliver me back to my vehicle.   Now the reason for the score. Dr Tracey.  I have broken nearly every bone in my body over the years and this ankle hurt as bad as any of those.  I couldn't stop my eyes from tearing up from the pain.  Dr Tracey said she had a prescription that would ease the pain and eliminate swelling (even though I had no swelling) and another that would help with sleep because the pain was so bad I couldn't sleep.   I trusted her to give me something that would work but was concerned because in all the years I had been coming there no one had ever prescribed this before.  Two and a half hours later I get the prescriptions filled and take them.   I laid down with ice and 5 hours later still in crazy pain. I look up the pill and it just an anti inflammatory medicine. Not for pain. I called back to the urgent care to ask if we could get something that would work prescribed because this isn't right or working.   Dr Tracey refused. She said that's what you get. She would not reconsider. So now 7 hours later I'm left to go to the emergency room and see some one that will lesson to the patient and care if a medicine is working.   I later shared my experience with my wife and we discovered her reasons for not returning were the same as mine. Dr Tracey.   Save your money. It's not worth the visit to Dr Tracey.   Good bye Warner urgent care.
Dr. F is great. He's patient and very attentive. A lot of doctors rush from one patient to the next and you wonder if they're even really paying attention. He seemed very knowledgable and has a good amount of experience under his belt. Highly recommended.
My family and I have had excellent experiences with My Dr Now. It has convenient hours and the front staff and NP are extremely friendly and engaging. Thank you for being supportive and providing excellent service.
I have attended to the Chiropractor on site there, Dr. Eric Marcotte.  He is simply one of the best clinical practitioners in the business.  He lives the chiropractic lifestyle and is excellent with his hands. The difference in his abilities include the knowledge of healthy protocols, coordination and application of his adjusting technique that re-aligns the spine for my optimum performance.  I am a recreational runner, logging about 100 miles a month and keeping things lined up keeps me from wearing out.
I saw Dr. Milne to me with my allergies and he hit a home run! My whole life I have had a tomato allergies and the Doctor was able to evaluate me and my situation in a short amount of time. And now I have the freedom to basically eat what I want and not have to worry if there is a small piece of tomato in my food. And I can't say enough about the staff there are also wonderful. They honestly care about people and their situations I totally recommend going here I was told I would always have this problem but now it's fixed thanks to  Dr. Milne
These therapist are truly amazing. They are always friendly and supportive of my needs. I could not imagine doing therapy anywhere else. Props to the office staff also.
I would love to put zero stars.  I have been sitting in the waiting room for almost an hour and a half and still haven't been called in for a pre - employment basic physical, which I understand takes five minutes.  The person who was at the desk when I first got here was all confused.  I told her what I was there for.  A few minutes later she called me up to fill out forms for my injury.  I wasn't injured. I again explained what I was there for. I also had to tell her again my place of employment.  Now she didn't know what paperwork she needed.  Another worker had to show her.  She has since been replaced with another receptionist. I asked this receptionist why I have been waiting for over an hour.   She didn't know.  I will post again once I get out of here.
Their reply to my review is a joke. I emailed them and got no response. I paid the bill. I contacted their billing office today to request one more time that they bill my insurance. I was told I should contact the COLLECTION AGENCY and ask them to bill my insurance. Totally unprofessional and imbecilic company and employees!
Came to use the walk in clinic here for the first time. Had to get some paper work filled out basically a doctors note. The doctor said she might not have time to fill it out at first because it seemed like a lot. Which it took less then 5 mins to do. She gave me 3 days off although i suggested 5. 3 days later i still wasn't well enough to go back to work and went back to see her. She never signed my first form that was filled out which cost $20. I asked if she could extended my leave for 2 more days cause i couldn't work yet. She did with no problem this time.  I asked if she can change the date on the old form she said no it has to be a new form. Which is another $20. She can fill in what she missed but can't change a date? Total money grab and she said its company policy. Would not come back again!!  And Natasha R. Just curious. Arent you affiliated with them?   Maybe its the wrong person if im wrong im sorry.
This is the first time I've ever cared enough to write a yelp review. This place sucks. If you have to call with a question, be prepared for them to transfer you back and forth from location to location and tell you they're sending you to a different department. They don't have "departments", they just have a bunch of uninformed kids answering their phones. The Dr. is nice, but good luck scheduling an appointment with the incompetent staff.
Erica Eaton PA is hands down the best health care provider I've ever seen. She takes her time, she is VERY thorough and she is an outstanding listener.  Trust me this woman doesn't miss a beat!  Even when 3 people are talking to her at the same time (me and my 2 kids all in one room after a long, long car ride :)  She is courteous at all times and VERY well educated. She has practiced medicine all around the world, providing aid and wellness to third world countries, she is truly a blessing to all. It is so refreshing to meet a person of her caliber who remains so humble at all times. She's cool, laid back and gives an all around great vibe. Whether you live in her area or not she is worth the drive. You won't be disappointed!
Not enough great things to say about the experience here at Aches Away. I've been seeing Marianne for almost a year and she is by far the best RMT I've ever been to. Prior to every session she takes the time to review pains and issues and updates something similar to a medical chart. She takes the time to explain exercises and strategies to help in between massages. Amazing!! Side bonus: Aches Away emails your RMT receipts so you don't have to worry about losing insurance paperwork.
Dr chin tony, I would recommend seeing him if you go to concentra he is a great doctor and knows what he is talking about when your sick or injured I make sure every time I come in I ask for him because I can trust him and I can't say that about any other doctor
DO NOT COME HERE.  I'm not sure who is putting up these "awesome reviews" but they obviously were encouraged to or WHO KNOWS. I had been here on more than one occasion for the same problem and was very disappointed both times. The first time I came here I was quickly scanned over and rushed out, I can't remember who the doctor was but she was middle aged and of possibly Hispanic descent. Her exact words as I was asking questions were "okay well I have other clients so we're going to have to finish up." I was pretty embarassed especially since I had waited SO long for her and had only spent about 5 MINUTES talking to her. She prescribed me a medication without explaining any side effects and I was repeatedly sick so I was forced to stop. NEXT visit I had only come back because this office is close to my house and I was on a strict schedule for work. I came in, and they had me fill out the SAME paperwork again because of some new company, I have no idea. They rushed me from the lobby to a room, back to the lobby, and back to the room again. I had my purse on Dr. D.'s desk as I situated myself and she told me to get my purse off of her desk as she swept in. *YEE-OUCH*, who put  the kitty litter in her granola?? Dr. D came in with a student who looked me over instead of her. Dr. D never looked at me, never shook my hand and just told me I had an infection and she sent CVS a prescription for me....then she left. True story. She never told me side effects either OR whether it was okay to take it with another minor prescription I had. Yelp, you really let me down on this one. I'm new to the area and just needed a doctor for my problem. Dr. D....you might want to retire.  P.S. You can't even call the office and speak with someone, you have to ALWAYS go through a call center and the office calls you back? Is that new? Because it's terrible. PLEASE DONT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I DID!
My family has been going to see Dr. White for a few years now. At first I chose Dr. White because of my insurance and his office was only a block from my home. After meeting him and his staff I was so happy that everyone was so nice, professional and accommodating. I was never left waiting for more than10 minutes once I've checked-in. Dr. White has also made excellent recommendations for specialty physicians. He recommended a wonderful Oncologist for my mom when she was diagnosed with Cancer.
Excellent massage - my therapist went very deep (at my request), but I'm sure she's capable of the nicey-nicey massage most people prefer. Would definitely go back next time I'm in town.
The team at Camelview have been putting me, aka Little Miss Humpty Dumpty, back together since January. Whether you fall prey to the imprudence of youth, an accident or general abuse and neglect, hobble on over to Linda and her staff for repair.   The environment at Camelview is very supportive, and even though the PT exercises can be a little torturous, I would classify my visits as fun. It's a very comfortable place to get your body back in gear, and the team is very focused on helping you get results.   I can't say enough nice things about Linda and her team, and I'm very happy with my healing process.
Dr. B is awesome me and my son have been going to him for 9 yrs my son has been seeing him since he was 4.my son loves him we couldn't ask for better and staff is great. And the massages by April and her staff are reasonably priced and awesome.
Dont believe them if they tell you they will verify and get your insurance preauthorized.  We waited 2 weeks for an appointment. When we made the appointment, the lady said they would get pre authorization for our bcbs and call if there were any problems.  We got an appointment confirmation call the day before the appointment and they said everything was good to go.  Took the day off work and drove 25 minutes to fill out paperwork, wait 40 more minutes in the waiting room only to find out that they hadnt done a thing.  They didnt accept our insurance and we were sent away.  We did get a half hearted "sorry" from the lady.  The staff left person information out on the counter while other patients were present.  At least I think they were patients? The staff was hugging and buddying around with one of them.  It was a really bad experience all the way around.
Every time we are here the wait is very minimal except for 1 time for Dr. Trainor. My son has been going here since January. He first saw Mia (P.A.) she is so nice and welcoming. She explained what an ACL, PCL tare are and gave great advise. After the 6wks of P.T. we came back and saw Dr. Trainor. In my head all I can think of is "Doctors are going to always push for surgery, that's where they make the big bucks. Even when you don't need it". This is what I have heard from several people. Well, I was proven wrong. The Dr. spoke to us as normal people, he didn't talk down to us at all (I have experienced this from a couple of Dr.s'). The Dr. explained to us that we should try more F.T. because of my sons age and other factors that he took into consideration. I was really surprised. He continued the additional 6 weeks of P.T. and we are waiting to see what the new MRI reads. Either way my son is going for surgery within the next month. Hope all goes well. Overall experience is good with this office.
DO NOT ever go to Tempe St. Lukes Hospital. They released my Dad earlier today. Basically saying nothing was wrong with him. Follow up with your regular Doctor......yada yada yada. I had to call 911 tonight because he couldn't breath. They took him to Banner Desert where within 15 min the Dr. diagnosed him with Congestive Heart Failure.
Went here for my shoulder because I had surgery done  on my labrum. They are very friendly and give every client their full attention, and they won't let you slack off. You learn alot in terms of posture and proper movement while performing the exercises. It's great because if you do any type of sport or training their proper techniques transfer over easily. One piece of advice is to do their recommended exercises at home when ever you can. It helps out big time. I had to learn the hard way.
Less than * is now what I previously thought was a good practice.  Wait 2 hours and get nasty attitude when asked when my turn would be after being ignored.  Room full of sick people and no one is moving.   Terrible service - no call back by Doctor or nurse-only rude-incompetent staff that probably never give the doctors the message anyway.   Only interested in billing for office visit when you might not need to be exposed to a room full of sick people if doctors talked to patients. Never experience of such terrible uncaring practice.  Wasn't always this way but something very wrong there now.  Do yourself a favor find another practice that have Doctors don't allow staff upfront to treat people like cattle.  Find a practice where Doctors actually communicate with their patients.  Everyone has electronic email communications now.  It's not too much to expect to be able to talk to your about a issue without having to sit like a puppet waiting for someone to yank the string. Patient's have rights too - we are free to go elsewhere - so that what I will do for my health and welfare.
I think my experience with this office is consistent with the other reviews. Dr. Rumman is extremely rude and has a "I'm better than you" attitude. I see a naturopathic doctor as well as a conventional PCP which she found very offensive. She couldn't believe I would ask another doctor for advice and let me know her thoughts.
The absolute worst gym in Montreal.  Staff walks around and think they are king shit on minimum wage.  HORRIBLE ENERGY AND PLACE.  You just want to leave the moment you walk in.  So you charge higher prices and that makes you better?  Idiots at large in here.
I love this doctors office.  Dr. Mansfield is always willing to listen and is very compassionate.  She is genuinely concerned about her patients and their health.  Whenever you have an urgent matter the office goes above and beyond to make sure you get to see a doctor immediately.  I've been a patient here for about three years and am so glad to have found this doctor.
Myocare is the best massage therapy in Toronto--hands down! I've been going to Melanie since she started, and I've always received excellent treatment. I'm confident that everyone else at Myocare is equally excellent.
The receptionist named Amanda was rude and bitchy. Dr Mohajer is alright but he needs to hire a better receptionist then her.
I've been here a bunch of times for different injuries. The doctors are good but the FRONT DESK staff needs to change their attitude.  I hate to call out but this African American female staff was being a straight up bitch with full attitude.  I wouldn't recommend this place.  Update:    I'm adding one more star because Dr. Otten was an awesome doctor and was very personable.  Just suck we have to go through the front desk.
UMC is the best. I came in here with pain at 11 on a 1 to 10 scale. I left with a pain level at about 1.Stephanie was sooo informative with my condition. Dr Luu got right too it. He told me exactly what I was dealing with,  and provided a resolution. And Steve,  I got 2 shots,  at the top of my buttocks, he knows what he is doing. The 2 shots were quick,  and pretty much painless.  There was a tingle when the antibiotic was running through my veins.  I will definitely recommend UMC. Very professional
Was in a car accident and referred to this place by my lawyer. Went in to get the paperwork, was 15+ pages and asked the same questions multiple times. I called and left a voice mail to try and get help but no return call.  My arm is now throbbing in pain from having attempted to get through just filling out the paperwork and I have cancelled my appointment.  I wanted to make sure I wasn't exaggerating so I went back and counted, its actually 19 pages... ridiculous
My experience with Landmark Physical Therapy was excellent.  I got an appointment right away and was seen on time.  Mark the owner, is clearly very knowledgeable and confident on how to treat your problems.   I was referred to Mark through my Crossfit Trainer.  I had a non trauma injury to my shoulder that was getting worse day by day and I only wanted someone highly qualified to treat me.  He relieved my pain within my first visit and gave me excellent at home exercise to do in between appointments. The specific trigger massage was quite painful but seemed to do the trick.  I give this business and it's team 5 stars
I'm seven months pregnant and have lower back pain, so I decided to try a pregnancy massage with Jonathan Lim.  After three sessions my back pain has lessen quite a bit! He is great. I've been to various massage places but never really found a therapist that I liked enough to keep going to. I plan on going to see Jonathan every week for the next 8 weeks until I give birth!
I saw Dr. Marquard's reviews on Yelp, which drew me to this office, as I was in need of a primary care physician. Unfortunately he was very booked and I couldn't wait that long, so I took an appointment with his wife, Dr. Aspen Calkins. The only reason I am giving 2 stars and not 1 star, is that she did seem very knowledgeable and did help me to finally get over an illness that I had for 4 weeks. They have recently moved their office, but I also felt very uneasy about the office itself, but it was very convenient to my home, so I figured I would overlook that. The visit began normally with her asking me questions about my medical history, but the first red flag was that she would not allow me to answer the questions if I could not give her the answer in 1 second or less. She rushed me through each question, and she would go on to the next question and not allow me to find or think of the answer. After that, I had a feeling this wasn't going to work for me, but I decided to give it a chance, and let her finish the race to get done with my medical history. So when that part was done, she gave me some pertinent information and came up with a plan for my treatment. Unfortunately after that, our interaction turned awkward when she found something funny about a difficult reaction I had that affected my breathing. When I told her I didn't appreciate her laughing, she got weird, and said she wasn't laughing, which made things extremely awkward. Instead of being compassionate when she knew I had been sick for a while and knowing it was our first meeting, she stopped interacting with me. So, although I was very thankful for her help and knowledge, she chose to continue to make me feel uncomfortable when she gave me my order for lab work. If I didn't know before, I knew then that I would feel too uncomfortable to return for another appointment with her. I will say the lab technician was very friendly and made me feel welcome. Hopefully in time she will understand what patients are looking for in a physician, and that it's not just knowledge, but that compassion, patience and bedside manner are what is needed to form a good relationship with her patients.
I have felt improvements even after 1st visit. That I T band is a evil little thing. I am happy to say looks like I won't need surgery on my posterior torn meniscus after their great work. Now I can get back to Orange Theory!
DO NOT GO HERE. DO NOT GO HERE. DO NOT GO HERE.   And whatever you do, do NOT see Michael (the guy from Florida), I had a very very minor knee injury and I don t think he really knew what was wrong with my knee so instead of referring me to someone who could fix me, he had me do the wrong exercises for my knee which screwed it up really bad!!!!!  I could not walk for a month, and its been 8 months now and my knee is still horrible, I am getting my second MRI today, I ve gone to tons of doctors and other physical therapists, I don t know what he did to my knee but he screwed up it really bad. I m hoping that I don t have to get surgery. All thanks to Michael the most horrible Physical Therapist around.   I repeat, DO NOT GO HERE. Dancing, running, physical activity, that was my life. All I had was a super super minor injury. But Michael completely ruined my knee, he ruined my life, so thanks Michael. It's been a very painful 8 months thanks to Michael from Physiotherapy Associates in Tempe. I am taking my time to write this review for everyone out there so you do not have to go through the pain that I am still going through months later.
Wow - A friend of mine and I were in town for a convention and after having sore backs from walking we located Rebecca and Vegas Bodyworks.   What a find. Kind, compassionate and caring is what Rebecca is all about and her skills are incredible. I am renewed and feel like a new person.   I would recommend her to anyone!  Each time I am back in Vegas I will be back over seeing Rebecca!
stay away from this place, all the doctors are with Zero Experience. Honestly Where did you Buy your Doctorate Degree???? they make a huge deal for your current health condition to keep sending you to labs and referral to the other doctors, guess what? bills on the way to you even though you have an insurance you still have to pay some deductible in most cases. they don't give a Damn, they just want your MONEY. they did blood test 3 times on me with their wrong decision. sending me to an specialist withing few days and the specialist laughed at them. that happened to my wife and my parents. we are switching our primary doctor today. thanks for your dishonest service.
Having been to a few physical therapy places I can easily say this is the best.  It starts with the owner Doug.  These people are here to help you.  It is not fun or easy to go to physical therapy.  I have gone from stiff and sore to asking if my form is right on what once was a difficult stretch.  They are here to help you especially if you want to help yourself.  It is a team effort from the scheduling desk to the pt technicians and the physical therapists to get us motivated and back to better than we thought we could be.
Dr. Perez and his staff are amazing. The office is friendly, and efficient. The office space is new, modern, and beautiful. Dr. Perez was thorough, and took time to answer all of my questions.  He addressed all of my concerns and is absolutely wonderful to have as a doctor. They have a lab tech in house so you can get your lab work done on site which is always helpful! You won't be disappointed!
Horrible bedside manner! Sitting in the patient room waiting for 40+ min. Listening the the staff screaming at each other, complaining about something! Horrible service!!!
What a difference in my life!  Dr Tice is a genius when it comes to managing hormone replacement! I had in depth labwork done and based on those results, Dr Tice came up with a treatment plan specific to my individual needs. I am happier, healthier and have more "get up and go" than I have in years thanks to him!
My husband went to this office for therapy on how to walk with a cane.  We saw Douglas Krasniewski, MPT.  He was very gentle, caring and very knowledgeable.  I highly recommend this office and the ladies at the front desk were WONDERFUL.  Keep up the good work.
Great staff! Doctor and nurse practitioner both were friendly, knowledge and patient. They answered all of my questions and have been very encouraging so far during my weight loss journey.
Apparently Kim the woman who answers the phone also runs the business in Maricopa High anyway. I showed up for my appointment and explained that I wasn't able to get their forms to download on my computer.  She reacted like I had just slapped her in the face. Her response was that there wasn't time to fill out forms before the appointment so that even though I had called the day before and expressed that I was in some pain that I wouldn't be able to keep my appointment.   The doctor walked out from the back and she repeated the whole thing to him.  He had no response one way or the other. So it seems that in Maricopa anyway.... paperwork is more important then their patient who is in pain.  There was no offer to reschedule just that I couldn't be seen. I won't be back.... with or without paperwork. Lol
This place helped save my life. I spent 22 days in ICU after a car accident. Then 8 days on the hospital floor. After 30 days in bed on a liquid diet I could barely walk. I wanted to go home but I knew I couldn't. Health South was a great experience. They helped me get myself back together. I still wear the green band I earned after racing my walker in the hallway to earn permission to use the bathroom by myself. I've never met so many people who loved their jobs and genuinely cared about me, the client/patient.
I love this place, Dr. Thomas is very professional and I have seen great results from treatments. Dr. Cristy takes takes the time to explain things and she genuinely cares about her patients. She also gives great medical advise-- and that's exactly what it is because patients have to do their part to get the results that they want even with treatments. She really works hard at her busy clinic and motivates me with her work ethic. I highly recommend Dr. Cristy Thomas
I am 28 and have been going to Fremont since I was a little girl. I used to see Dr. Baker and now my son sees Dr. Santos. I love the walk in hours and they are great about trying to help if there is an emergency and a same day apt is needed. My son loves Dr Santos. He is very straightforward and super good with the kids. Always on time too, which I can appreciate.
I am so impressed with Dr. Cas and the staff.  They spend so much time on you unlike those quick in-and-out chiropractic offices.  Dr. Cas spent a lot of time going over my x-rays and explained every bone and muscle that was compromised.  They always take their time and are completely amazing.  I would highly recommend this place!
Dr. George is the most genuine, understanding human being you could ask for in a physician. He goes above and beyond for all his patients! I absolutely would recommend him to anyone.
I don't know if anyone is having problems with this doctor with payments. My brother was sent to a collection agency for a bill he not aware of 2 weeks after his visit.   Immediately upon getting the call from the collection agency and bring threatened he went to pay that bill.   A few weeks later, he gets a statement from his insurance indicating that they had paid the doctor.   This means that the doctor was paid by the collection agency AND the insurance.  So she was paid TWICE.  This was November 2015 and till this day, after calling the doctor's office every week, THIS HAS NOT BEEN RESOLVED.   apparently, she got paid double but DOES NOT WANT to return the money.   We even went to all the trouble if sending her proof that she was double paid.  We are aware that she no longer has the practice but WE WANT OUR MONEY BACK!!!!!!!!!
The wait wasn't too bad. Came in with a list of problems and the doctor was able to quickly assess the issues. Very friendly. I wish they had some complimentary water bottles like some of the other urgent care centers but that is minor. The free prescription for checking in was a great surprise and definitely helped out financially with the other meds I am purchasing. Overall pretty satisfactory visit. I've been going to ASU for four years now and this is my favorite urgent care center I've been to. Highly recommend.
Dr. Jason's location is very convenient and he offers many different services, including cryotherapy. Furthermore, I love that you can book your appointment online, which saves time! I recommend you check this place out!
Just left this health center great experience. Everyone is so nice and they try there best to get you in and out quickly!!! Make it easy for first time clients. I will definitely be coming back if I need anything else done or checked
dr. ortega gets 5 stars because she treats her patients with care & listens as well.  However, the office is run very, very poorly in regards to filling prescriptions correctly.  to top it off,  today (monday) i called after not feeling well all weekend, and their phones were out-its NOT the first time this has gone on-i'm thinking maybe they don't want to take sick patients at all.  I see the dr every 3 months for lab work etc....when i'm not feeling well, one expects the dr's office to pick up their phones so i can get an appt.  I drove over there and was told they were unable to see me today (over booked) and was also told to go to the er???????????????????????  No the er is for emergencies not for possible bronchitis!!!  then to top that i was told that "this is  not a walk-in clinic-now that blew my mind-if their phones were working, i wouldn't have to "walk-in" to be seen. I am digusted and the office staff should all be dismissed.  this is the wild west-don't get sick!!
A lot of integrity and compassion. After a fair significant injury I was half immobilized and in a lot of pain. She saw me four times and then referred me because Sahar felt she wasn't helping me as much as I needed. A beautiful space and great energy.
Roxy at the front desk was amazing. Good customer service and personable. 5 stars for her alone. Thanks Roxy for the help getting his medical records.
Had an amazing time doing a drug test here! Went in at 730 signed in with the helpful lady that always had a smile. Was soon fully checked in. Called in by another helpful young lady to the back and she made peeing in a cup more comfortable because we just talked throughout the paperwork instead of having awkward silence. Quick and easy out before 45 minutes. Overall such an amazing place amazing super clean, they provide water, individual coffee packs so you choose your own flavor, and snacks all for FREE! Definitely glad I did my drug test here would recommend and would return for future drug tests
I had a very disappointing experience at BCML. My foot was severely swollen and I was told by friends to visit a walk-in clinic that had an x-ray lab attached so I could get the problem looked at and figured out all in one visit. I made an appointment - online, conveniently, I will give them that - on a Friday and the doctor took one look at my foot and ordered me upstairs for an X-ray.   The X-ray clinic could not see me that day, so I had to spend the weekend on my severely swollen foot until I could come back on Monday for the X-ray. On Monday, they did the X-ray and I was told it wouldn't be until Wednesday for the results to come in. On Wednesday I was called and told that "the doctor needs to speak with you about the results". So if you're counting with me, this is three separate visits and a week I have been walking on a swollen foot.  I came in the next day, Thursday, to speak to a doctor. Was made to wait a half hour after my appointment time. The doctor simply told me that I had a foot fracture and would need to go to a hospital. WHY DID I NEED TO GO IN FOR THAT. WHY COULDN'T THEY TELL ME THAT OVER THE PHONE?!  I expressed my frustration at the entire process and the doctor simply shrugged his shoulders. He had some diagnostics printed out and made me - on the foot he just told me was fractured - go into the next room to pick up the printouts THREE TIMES.   So, three visits to this stupid place and I ended up in the emergency room all night, where I should have gone in the first place.
My daughter was in a bad accident and she didn't have atty representing her like most of their clients / patients. She went here for therapy as suggested by her auto ins. and although the staff was nice  they took advantage of her ! She made them aware of her full amount of med pay for treatment. They told her they would inform her of when it was almost exhausted which they did not! They charged average of $275.00 per visit that's $200.00 over cash prices and charged her for treatments she did not receive like massage from someone who was late or no shows  smelling of pot! After billing my daughters med pay over $5000. Leaving a balance of 1600. ( claiming only 25 visits) Over her already paid treatments she called Melissa in billing very upset. She explained that she owes them nothing because her insurance paid them then my daughter got hung up on and placed into collections! I called Melissa to be told she got butt hurt over my daughters actions so she put her in collections rather then billing our medical insurance or making adjustments  ! These people do not care that my daughter is still in pain. Today I spoke with HR to report such behavior and she said their employees would never behave like that ... Guess what we have proof ! Be carefully when going here get pricing upfront and read what you sign not leaving room for changes or take photo on checkout ! Warning Price gouging  poor business practices ! Your already in pain why have more Do your research get the app healthcare bluebook  compare costs ! Freedom of speech freedom to share our experience !
I went to see Katherine Looby the the Gilbert office today and was really impressed with her. I had been wondering what my issue was and she was really clear and concise and explained what treatment I needed, what PT I would need, possible further work and was really sympathetic and professional. I wish all Dr's were like her and came away wishing she was my PCP.
I can't say enough good things about this place.  I drive about  7 miles out of my way to get there but it is so worth it! The reasons i love it are as follows: I have three children a boy who is 3.5 and twin girls who are 2. They have been attending since January and the progress i have seen in them is unbelievable! My son has a "communication disorder and speech delay". He is about a year behind in speech. When he started he was at a standstill with saying new words. Within 2 weeks he was saying about 3 new words and picking up new sign. Not to mention this the FIRST place he has not cried when i dropped him off, he literally waves bye and goes to play. His speech and communication has only continued to improved drastically as well as his behavior and listening skills. The girls have also BLOSSOMED, in social, speech, and receptive skills. Every week they do a themed curriculum and the rafts and activities are wonderful.My kids are also now recognizing letters and can almost spell their names! never thought that would happen at this age.       The staff is wonderful, they listen to concerns, if there is behavior issues they have wonderful ways of redirecting and engaging them. The facility has a great set up, there is a great courtyard and playground area. The classroom has endless activities.     The only thing some might consider a "con" is that lunch is not provided, parents must pack their childrens lunches and/or breakfast. To me this is actually a PLUS. My son is so picky that at other daycares he would go without eating. And i have preferences like whole wheat/ organic/ no sugar etc. This ensures i know exactly what my kids are eating and that they will eat what is put in front of them. The school does provide a snack.  LOVE this place! thank you seek.
Atlas Mens Health Institute is a wonderful place to fell energized and get that boost of health you need.
Dr. Hill explained everything regarding my MRI results. He was very thorough and the staff were friendly and quickly got me all set up for my follow up. As Dr. Hill went through the possible steps I could take to treat my knee, I knew that I was in good hands.
Dr Roach is friendly and easy to talk to. My back and neck are feeling much better since he started with my adjustments.
I took my wife to this clinic, when she was unable to get in to see her regular doctor.  We were seen immediately by Nurse Practitioner Nancy Flachman. What a wonder experience, we never felt rushed, answered all my wife's questions.  She was extremely caring and knowledgeable.  My wife has seen Nancy Flachman several times now and has experienced the same quality of care and compassion we experienced with our first visit.  We highly recommend Nurse Practitioner Nancy Flachman if you find yourself in the need of medical attention.
When I started coming here it was amazing with dr. Nadella but since it's moved upstairs and the practice has become bigger it's definitely changed. But today I can honestly say will probably be the last day I ever come here I had Pa McBride and she was very rude. I also waited 30 minutes just to go in the back then another 15 minutes in the room and when she comes in she talks to me for 2 minutes and when I asked about a question she stands up and says I'm out of time and walks out. I will not be giving my money to this practice ever again, because of mcbride
I took class twice with Leena and I wish I could recommend her but I can't. Once I took class with her when she taught at a yoga studio in Las Vegas and another time I took class with her on the Strip (I was a dancer with one of the production shows). I did not really enjoy my classes with Leena as I felt her classes weren't challenging at all. I wasn't looking for an advanced class, just a good stretch, and I didn't feel like I benefitted physically when her class was over. I have taken classes with many other yoga instructors in Las Vegas and feel that there are far better teachers around.
Irina is one of the best RMT Ive gone to. She is so knowledgeable and actually cares about the patient. she goes above and beyond and provides me with exercises to do post treatment and encourages me that long-term effects is what i do outside of massage. She takes time to explain to you what's going on and will check out other concerns in your body that you may not be aware of. I highly recommend her!!
The good.  The wait time was short and the facility was clean... and that is the long list of what was good.  The staff was almost rude, forgot a couple items that had to be taken care by the PA, and I  had to finish the paperwork that was incomplete.  The PA was Trent Blake.  His demeanor was sort of friendly, but his execution was lacking.  He had no concern for anything that might cause me pain.  During my physical he thought he found a hernia in my groin, what he found was a malformation from birth.  Instead of moving on he continued to "diagnos" forcefully; which caused me weeks of excruciating pain. - Normally I would have stopped the exam and just gone somewhere else, but I had to have the physical completed that day.  My recomendation. Stay away from this place.
I have visited this clinic maybe 4 times. I called a few days ahead of my appointment to reschedule. Appalled at my experience with Susan.... When I could not pin down an appointment time fast enough for her she stated she was "having fun playing this game" After the appointment was made, she ended the call "Goodluck to you". A strange, rude and poor experience. Gave 2 stars as all other staff were quite pleasant.
Brandon is amazing! Every time I had something wrong with my lower back, he brought me relief instantly. Best chiropractor I have ever been to!
I have been using Dr. Dykema as my Aeromedical Doctor for years. She is fantastic. If anyone needs a great doctor for your flight physical, look no further.
We have been going to SpeakEasy for the past year. My three year old son sees Natalie for speech and Nick for Occupational therapy. They are both really great with my son. He actually looks forward to his weekly visits. Besides the therapist being great the staff is really kind and friendly and I have never had a problem getting a appointment or cancelling one. They are very accommodating. I would really recommend SpeakEasy
To give some context, I have been to many PT's and many body workers. I've even been a body worker. Scott is, so far, the best I've encountered. Do NOT go to Scott if you want to lay on a table and get rubbed for a while. It's not about relaxation. Your body is your temple and all that, but it's also a machine, and if the pulleys and levers are out of place/sync/whack, then no amount of epsom salt and meditation is going to cure what ails ya. Just like how you gotta work out to get stronger, you gotta work on your injuries to make them better.  I spend a very large portion of my life either rock climbing or hiking somewhere to film someone else rock climbing. The rest of my life is spent behind a computer, seated, in what is possibly the most unhealthy bodily configuration for someone with chronically tight forearms, upper arms, chest, and back. Add to that some chronic elbow tendonitis (or -osis, whatever), a hectic schedule living on the road, and you have a recipe for a bundle of chronic pain and limited mobility.  I keep most of this crap at bay with self-therapy, but that only goes so far. It feels like vacuuming the kitchen floor, when really, it needs a mop.  Scott is that mop.  In 90 minutes, he took my forearm extensors to the bone, gave 'em some active release....from typing, my pronators are as taut as a piano string. He isolated those bastards and gave 'em what for. The back, neck, and shoulder work was incredible, as I could open my chest afterward...which is rare for those of us with hypertrophied backs who rarely use our pushing muscles.  If I'm in town long enough, I'm going back.
My back has been feeling much better allowing me to be up on my feet for longer periods of time. The staff there are all very friendly and the scheduling is very accommodating to my busy schedule. I have liked it so much I even brought my 16 year old in to start her treatment too!
STAY AWAY - I saw Dr Trainer for an issue for my hand. I waited 2 1/2 hours in the waiting room and the office. The Doc then saw me for 2 minutes tops and told me I needed to see a a surgeon. They provided me with a referral that was "in" network. That was not accurate. I called the office and waited 45 minutes on hold and navigated the various options on the phone system and then finally got someone so that I could get a new referral. They then transferred me to someone that literally had a 5 minute voice mail greeting and then I left a message?!   I have invested 3 hours and 20 minutes to see this doctor for 2 minutes.
I have been coming to WFP since 2003 and this was when they were located at their old office. Down the road. Over the years I have seen so many changes. Some  good but lately I have been disappointed.   When the new office opened I was so excited to see a bigger office with more doctors and PA's. I was also able to make same day appointments incase of an emergency like strep or a bad cough.   A few years ago things started to go down hill. I never saw the same people at the front desk. The front desk staff is so rude and won't even smile at you. The wait time is over 35 minutes just in the waiting room then another 15 minutes once you are in a room. The doctor sees you for 10 minutes then Moves on. I really feel like they see me as a number and they just want my money. The compassion has left the building. WFP is not the same like it was many years ago. Nobody communicates with each other so I am always told different things when I call the office or when I talk to someone in person.   I hope Dr. Turner reads these reviews and then figures out why his practice is receiving negative reviews about the same issues I have discussed. Something needs to be fixed and they need to stop kicking people out of their practice via mail instead of a personal phone call. That is horrible customer service. But when they want your money they won't stop calling you. Hmmmm....
Terrible place to go, no real doctor only PA available. They send you out for MRI then do not bother to call with results. They saw me 3 times for the same issue and then tell me I need another visit for referral for a specialist even though they already saw you. I called and asked for the results and was told I need to make appointment to get the results.
Cloud Care Clinic is the Justice League / X-Men / Avengers for your health.   My friend and I visited the clinic for a Yelp event. Cloud Care Clinic focuses on an integrative medicine approach. The clinic consists of medical doctors, naturopathic doctor, physiotherapist, chiropractor, and massage therapist, to provide an integrated solutions for the patients. Many of which have considerable experience with professional athletes or have won awards in their respect fields. One of the physician has 4 years of experience at the ER in a hospital.   My friend's grandmother is suffering from a chronic illness and was fortunate enough to consult multiple staff on site. Each staff provided advice from their discipline. With their professional help, my friend is now equipped with information to aid her grandmother.
They need a much more compassionate receptionist, she rolled her eyes at me several times when asking simple questions. I understand it can be hard to work with the public but if you are going to a walk in clinic you are clearly not having the best day yourself and being spoken to like an idiot doesn't help.
These therapists are amazing with children. The front office is friendly and will go above and beyond for you. I always get great tips on things to work on at home with my child. They make the quality of life better for us, we've noticed such an improvement with our daughter even in a short time. They are there to make these kids thrive. Couldn't say anything but great things about this company. Thank you kids place for all that you do for my family!
I was an employee with east valley family medical and all the reviews you see on here is 100% true even coming from an employee. I worked there for only a few months and it was the WORST JOB I've ever had in my entire life ! The management is a JOKE! Supervisors are complete airheads that think they're actually important. They be little people and I'm surprised they haven't been slapped by a harassment law suit ! This whole entire company is a JOKE! Everyone in this company is full of shit ! Even the DOCTORS drop like flies ! Nobody likes this company HUGE TURN OVER RATE!!!
I'm a triathlete and I've tried many different sport massages. By far, Katie gives the best massages. She is very aware of what areas need to be worked on and listens to what pressure you prefer. I did a full Ironman three days ago and got a massage from her last night. Today I wasn't sore or tight, which is amazing since I could barely walk yesterday before the massage. I can't recommend her enough. Worth every penny!
I don`t generally write reviews, but I have been so impressed with Greens I wanted to give positive feedback.   *The staff are all excellent in that they are helpful and friendly without being overzealous and in your face.  *The swimming pool is lovely as is the spa, sauna and steam room, all of which are well maintained and kept immaculately clean.  *The classes at greens are fantastic in that the range offered is really diverse and all the teachers in the ones I attend (Yoga, Tai Chi and Pilates) are highly knowledgable and professional.  *The gym has excellent facilities, and particularly as it is divided into two areas, it is user friendly and not at all intimidating to use.  *The age range of the people that attend Greens is really diverse. The ages in the classes I attend range from really young people to some in their 70`s and everyone is made to feel welcome and included.   *Greens also has a positive attitude towards people with disabilities. My son who has a disability has been a member of Greens for some years and has been made to feel welcome by all the staff who have always been respectful and helpful towards him.  *I also feel that the fees at Greens are reasonable for the excellent facilities as well as the range of classes on offer.
These people are liars.  I asked if they were in the Aetna network, they said yes.  Now I come to find out they are not and they expect me to pay when they lied to me.  The lady on the phone says they are told to say they are in network for all insurances, that they take all insurances.  Now I can not even get a hold of their billing department. Beware of the pop up urgent cares.  Bad mojo.
I wish I would have had an experience like any of the other moms, but mine was not so great.  My daughter got a referral to this place in June 2012, and I called to set up a time to schedule the initial eval, they had no idea what I was talking about. I called 2 other times and still no clue on the referral.  Two months later I located the referral letter and called again, this time saying I have the actual letter.  The lady takes my name and number and says I will be called back.  A month and a half later (more than 3 months after the referral) I get a call to schedule an appointment. Well now I have new insurance, but instead of making the appointment (which all openings are still another month and a half out), I am told I need to wait until I actually have my insurance card.  Really?  This has been an absolute nightmare and if they can't figure out how to schedule or find a referral, then I really question whether they would be organized enough to help my child.
I've been to Emkiro a number of times, to the medical walk-in clinic and the Chiropractor. I like their appointment system for the walk-in and I don't think I've ever waited longer than 20 minutes.  Dr. Mohabir is pleasant and helpful.  And then I started seeing Dr. Kang for my back issues and IT band syndrome. Holy cow, after just 3 or 4 visits I was a new person. No more headaches! The IT band took a while to get better, it was very tight from running. But the acupuncture really helped and I like that Dr. Kang does taping as well.  Can't complain about the front staff at all. Maybe they changed, but all of them are very nice and helpful
This is a really good Bikram studio.  The first class was really hard and it gets a little less challenging but never easy.  I have been practicing for about two months and now just can not wait to go to the next class.
I have been a patient of Dr. Brad Sorosky for several years.  I am not exaggerating by stating that he and his practice have allowed me to return to a level of fitness and health that I was told I would never again achieve.  When I initially went to Dr. Brad, I found him to be a partner in my recovery.  He always listened to my concerns, gave me several options to address issues and always made me feel like I was of utmost importance whenever I was in his office.  I also have seen Dr. Susan Sorosky and can't say enough about her talent in quickly identifying the root cause of an issue.  I went to three doctors who were uncertain of diagnosis and at my first visit, she identified the cause which was later confirmed by MRI.   Additionally both doctors and their office have actively fought to ensure I received insurance approval for appropriate diagnostic testing and treatment.   And Kristy at the East Valley office has always been incredibly kind when I have had a bad flare up and called when in pain.  The epidural injections have been a lifesaver for me.   I have referred numerous friends and family members and they have all thanked me for the referral. Hands down the best physicians and office in their field.
I have been a patient of Dr. Brad Sorosky for several years.  I am not exaggerating by stating that he and his practice have allowed me to return to a level of fitness and health that I was told I would never again achieve.  When I initially went to Dr. Brad, I found him to be a partner in my recovery.  He always listened to my concerns, gave me several options to address issues and always made me feel like I was of utmost importance whenever I was in his office.  I also have seen Dr. Susan Sorosky and can't say enough about her talent in quickly identifying the root cause of an issue.  I went to three doctors who were uncertain of diagnosis and at my first visit, she identified the cause which was later confirmed by MRI.   Additionally both doctors and their office have actively fought to ensure I received insurance approval for appropriate diagnostic testing and treatment.   And Kristy at the East Valley office has always been incredibly kind when I have had a bad flare up and called when in pain.  The epidural injections have been a lifesaver for me.   I have referred numerous friends and family members and they have all thanked me for the referral. Hands down the best physicians and office in their field.
I had a horrible full blown panic attack while experimenting with drugs for the first time and I understand that was my fault for making an extremely poor choice. Tempe St. Luke's Hospital was the nearest location to Arizona State University. I called 911 and they sent an ambulance; the EMTs were painfully rude, unsympathetic, and most of all judgmental. They kept telling me to shut up and even heard someone say "That's why you say no." Worst experience of my life and the help I thought would ease said experience made it 1000 times worse. Sometimes in these situations the best they could have done is said, "Calm down, take a deep breath, everything is gonna be okay, don't worry." Instead I just had a bunch of people yelling at me at looking at me like attending to me was a complete waste of time. I've never felt so worthless in my whole life. They were completely repulsive, as well as the staff who just strapped me to the hospital bed and left me out in the hallway. After the effect wore off no one cared to ask how I was feeling, nor explained that what I experienced was a panic attack. Only went back for the medical record the next day  and will never ever return.
Talk about rude! I called to make a yearly physical appointment for my day off. I was told that my doctor was out that day. I asked to see another doctor and was told I couldn't. Then I was told that if I changed doctors it would be a male and that I wouldn't be able to change I back. I hung up.   I should also mention that my husband went to the ER and needed to follow up with his doctor at this same office. He called twice to make an appointment and never received a return call.   They clearly don't care.
Where do I start!  This place is horrible the doctor is horrible.  My brother recently recently became a new patient.  The wait time to see this doctor is over 2.5 hours.  This doctor Adams saw my brother and had him do routine blood work.  He had an x-ray done for pain in his leg.  Do you think the routine blood work included his blood sugar?  No!  Do you think she went over his x-ray No!  On his follow up she only mentioned his cholesterol.  My brother asked about his sugar and this woman had him do separate labs for that!  A routine bloid work checks blood sugar.  Is this what's being on Medicaid is like?  I'm blessed I have medical care through my job.  Wow 2 to 3 hour wait and poor quality medical care.  I will help my brother look elsewhere!
The good: beautiful facility, lots of classes, super great admin staff, awesome location.   The bad: the free personal training session - I was advised not to do any bootcamp classes (apparently I would be predisposing myself to injury). This is silly because I am 24 with no health conditions, and have been exercising regularly for years. I know this was an attempt to get me to pay for PT - but it made me sad :(  The spin classes were alright, but not a fan of the old bikes that didn't display the RPM. Maybe I'm not the right clientele for this gym, but I was also missing the pump up top 40 beats!   Summary: All the classes were fine, but none were amazingly fun or awesome for $110/month. Maybe more accurate class descriptions would help members know the level and style of each of the classes. I guess specialty fitness classes are the way to go in Toronto?
Bravo b**ch at frontdesk with sh*** attitude!! Thanks to you, Mansfield has lost one (or perhaps just another) potential client. I was just there to quickly take another look at this place as I had to take a decision between there and another gym. Well she made my decision unbelievably easy and I thank her for that. In an amazing demonstration of rudeness and attitude, that girl at front desk on November 11 at about 2:30pm had me literally running to MAA where I signed in on the spot.   I quote "This is a private club, we don't let people walk around"...she said I had to sit down again with a sales rep and go thru the same questionnaire-filling bs. All this with her mouth full of the lunch she was eating right at front desk... Oh ok, so that's how you handle your prospective clients?I don't even wanna start imagining how you treat actual clients, LMFAO! I guess I was lucky it was made so blatant for me to see..I actually feel for those getting ripped off day in and day out.   Besides...a weight room without even a basic pulley system, smelly locker rooms, charging $90/mth plus fees? Kidding right?
My wife went to see Dr. Izadmanesh, based on a referral from Summerlin Hospital.  Went in on a Friday for an x-ray, and waited over a week for results, even though my wife left four messages for an update and callback from Dr. Izadmanesh.   The doctor and staff were unresponsive and did not return any calls. Nearly impossible to speak to someone on the phone due to their automated voice system.   Will never use this office again and would not recommend them.
Not very good tx, just going through the motions. Billing dept is a disaster. Switched to another provider and now making progress after months of wasted time, money and stagnation at 360. Don't waste your time.
This is the WORST doctors office I have ever been to! I have been a patient at TPC for over a year and boy can I tell you horrifying stories!! The staff doesn't care about you as a person, they have no regard for your time. I began as a patient at the Mesa office and the doctor (Dr. Tom) was so rude, had no bedside mannor and was very unpleasent to see.I found my blood preasure gets dangerously high just pulling into their parking lot. I made the decision to transfer to the Gilbert office. There Dr. Cooksy was awesome but I find the staff to be the issue. I once had an appointment at 1pm, I was called and advised the doctor was going on vacation and I had to come in early, at 11am. I agreed even though it now caused me to leave work 5 hours early instead of just 2. The doctor did not see me until 2pm - that's right 3 HOURS AFTER MY SCHEDULED APPOINTMENT TIME!!!! That's 3 additional hours of pay I missed out on just sitting there. Then at my last appointment I requested to see the actual doctor rather than a PA so I could get an actual plan in place rather than just here is your perscription. They moved my appointment and assured me it was booked with him. Today I showed up and guess what.... my appointment was NOT with the doctor and I AGAIN saw a PA. The office manager didn't seem to care as nothing was done to correct it. I was told I can come back in 2 weeks and pay another $50 co-pay just to chat with the doctor but then I'd have to come back again 2 weeks after that to get my scripts....? Does that make any sence? They screwed up but it costs me $50....? I have since called my primary doctor to get referred to another Pain Clinic, I feel dumb enough having delt with this for a year already. Be advised- you will regret going there.
Have to say everyone I dealt with was great . Took me in on my appointment time and were very professional . I will definitely use again .
I was very skeptical about if the therapy recommended by a Orthopedic Dr. would help my problem with my knee. Had seen 3 different Orthopedic surgeons which said there was nothing they could do.  I have a radial tear in the meniscus and Osteoarthritis in the same knee.  I had steroid shots which only alleviated the pain for a temporary period of time. Then therapy was recommended for a month, three times a week. Went to Preferred Physical Therapy as a doubting Thomas, but the improvement in the knee has been exceptional.  No more popping, pain, and locking up.  Nick and his staff have proved to me that Physical Therapy CAN WORK. I am very appreciative of him and all his staff.
My chiropractor was out of town I guess since he did not answer the phone, and I looked up several, but settled on this one because it has the word physical therapy in the title. Although I do not need the physical therapy, I felt reassured that there would be some soft tissue work before actual spinal manipulation would occur. I've had it done without soft tissue massage and muscle stretching, and there is no comparison. Hands down, spinal manipulation requires some massage in order for the muscle release to allow the vertebrae to be manipulated back into place. There are different spaces in the clinic dedicated to physical therapy and rehabilitation. Jason was reassuring and meticulous to detail. While stretched out on one of the adjustable exam tables, he was able to feel out the tension points along my spine. After some soft tissue work, he manipulated my mid and upper back into shape. Since my muscles were inflamed from chronic misalignment, he stretched out the neck muscles after the vertebrae were back in place. I was very pleased.
PA Kim Brabentz is great.  We've been with her over 10 years. Love this new office, Aveon, that she's with now.  With every visit (3 in the past 6 mos) the check in process was efficient and wait time less than 5 minutes!  As always, Dr Kim takes time to talk and listen and always asks if there's anything else of concern.
friendly staff. dr. butler always professional. very thorough. I love that theres hardly waiting period. im usually in and out, in a timely manner. dr. butler is a good listener and extremely patient when responding to my inquiries. so glad we switched to him this calendar year.
Beware!!! This doctor is the WORST I have ever ever been to! I would never trust my life on him. He mis diagnosed my best friends aunt, and not soon after because of his old practices she later died of cancer. I did not take the advice and continued to see him. My father went in for a headache...Dr. Smiths exact words were "it might be a brain tumor, let's get you set up for a cat scan". He then left the room. At that point the nurse came in to schedule the appointment and my father was so upset(as one could imagine) he wanted to speak with Dr. Warren Smith again to clarify and ask more questions. The nurse informed him that he had already left for vacation. My father had known this fraud man personally! He left in tears. Dr. Smith has no character and no bed side manner. He sees patients for 3 min at most at a time, and then goes on to the next to make money. If you are looking for someone who misdiagnoses and/or has no bed side manner and treats people with no respect this is the pathetic man to go to. Money, money, money is all he is about. Keep that in mind the next time you think of scheduling an appointment. I hope this reaches so many suffering, nice people out there, who want answers not a greedy, money hungry doctor. I have never been so disappointed and disgusted. Please consider alternatives
My child in this clinic has been switched from clinicians at least 5 times within the course of 5 months. How do they expect for my child to excel in therapy when he is switched so many times. It takes a child time to adjust to a new clinician and once they get used to them they get switched again. At this clinic they also have speech assistants treat stuttering which they are not qualified to treat. They do not do whats best for the client they do whats best for themselves. When I was given feedback about my child the therapist only took 2 minutes and quickly moved on to there next kid. I feel like a number here and have decided to go some where else. I highly do not recommend this place. There are better places to take your child where it will not feel like they are a number. Don't let yourself fall by all the toys they have in the clinic. Looks can be deceiving.
Worst experience at a doctor ever. I have a love long medical condition and have a lot of medication I take that some times dose not make me feel well and any time I go for an appointment it's an hour wait and a 5 min consultation with 10 mins at least for waiting for the doctor, after you just waited and hour to be called by a nurse. I don't feel they give quality, attention, or enough time to get to even know the Patient and what they're going through. Multiply times I have gone in there and get asked the same questions. I give them my symptoms and without any type of exam or blood work they give me the medication they think I need. Them being so busy and not giving the attention the patient deserves. I HIGHLY DO NOT RECOMMEND ANY FAMILY BLOOM LOCATIONS! I, myself will be going to a new Practice where they appreciate their customers and don't just prescribe on just a patients verbally telling them their symptoms . If being a doctor is that easy I can go on google and look up your symptoms and  tell you what medication to take. That's not a good doctor in my opinion.
Inexcusable neglect. The way they run their office is incompetent. I will be reporting them to the AZ State Board of Medical Examiners. I have lived with a physician for 20+ years, so I have some reliable sources as to what is unacceptable medical protocol. They rarely return calls and even when they do they continue making the same mistakes. They ignore my requests to have my medications refilled, they fill some and then there are others that they just do not do until I call and call and call.  Once I had to drive the 20 miles to get my refill written up correctly. They just keep calling in the incorrect dosages and quantity. THEY DO NOT CARE!  They write my prescriptions incorrectly every month, no matter how many times I point it out to them.  I will be getting a new PCP.
Dr Retamoza has been my chiropractor for over 14 years.  His staff is so nice and professional.  I drive way out of my way to come see Dr. Retamoza and the reason is the quality of care and the connection I have made with him and the staff over the years. He really does care.
I really like Dr. Perez. He spends a good amount of time with me and answers all questions. I think the Latin in him makes him a little touchy-feeley, which might rub some people the wrong way, but he doesn't mean any harm. Definitely has a comforting manner when you aren't feeling good. He seems to take an interest in you as a person and asks how things are going in life vs. just getting you "in and out" of the office -- like so many other places I've been to. Their front desk girl is a little out of place-- rushed and doesn't necessarily speak to clients in a professional manner. Overall a great family practice doctor's office.
I chose Advanced Manual Therapy in hopes that they would speed my return to an active lifestyle after a serious shoulder injury. I found the Advanced approach to hands-on therapy to be just what I needed. I was motivated to work harder and gained greater range of motion and strength after only a few sessions. The soft-tissue massage combined with aggressive stretching made a positive difference in my case. Highly recommended.  Thomas B.
I've been here twice and both times were very poor experiences. I am not coming back here, no matter how convenient the location is. Why you shouldn't come here:  1) The receptionists are very rude, impatient, and incompetent.  2) I tried calling numerous times and they never (ever) pick up their phone 3) I booked an appt online and still had to wait 45 minutes just to be seen by the doctor (who did not apologize for making me wait) and then he just passed me along to the nurse without needing to do anything.  4) The place inside is run-down and for the lack of a better word, "sketchy".   This place just makes me very, very frustrated. Again, never coming back again.
I've been coming here for a few years after going to other doctors in the West Valley. There are a few doctors and NP's that are really great, and actually really helpful. They moved to a larger office which is nice and clean.  But the wait. This appointment I waited over an hour after my appointment time to see the doctor. The two times before this the wait was about 45 minutes. I understand running a little bit behind, but this is getting really frustrating.
Great place to be to get help with pain and mobility :) Everyone is so nice and dedicated to their work. Even have some nice step by step exercise tutorials to do at home.
DVFM DOES NOT ANSWER THEIR PHONES. If they cared about their PATIENTS, not customers, but healthcare patients, in need of serious medical attention, they would address this too common complaint with their office.   I have been suffering from bronchitis and possible pneumonia (per Cheryl Luchsinger) for a week. I have a nagging, itchy cough, body aches, cold chills, profuse sweating, loss of appetite and headache. I CHOSE to drive 40 minutes from my home in San tan valley, AZ in lieu of going to an urgent care facility closer to my home, for treatment because I thought that since DVFM had my medical history, I would receive more PERSONAL and adaptive care. PFFF!  I felt very hopeful when Cheryl said she would treat it like a pneumonia, not just a bronchitis, to be safe. She seemed concerned and I felt at ease. She even made me laugh. I was prescribed an inhaler and antibiotics. I got the inhaler but unfortunately the antibiotics required a PRIOR AUTHORIZATION from my insurance. Walgreens sent the fax at 1:30 pm while I was standing there picking up my inhaler. I have been waiting for DVFM to respond to this request. STILL NO RESPONSE. Walgreens keeps saying to "contact your physician so they can change it or they can call your insurance"... What more can I do if DVFM won't even answer the phone???? Way to put patients first DVFM. Way to go.  I have been going here for a year and a half. My pcp is dr. Lauber. I have just spent the last 24 hours awake with a nasty cough because I cannot sleep. I'm waiting a for Cheryl L the pA to respond to a prior authorization request sent from the Walgreens pharmacy at 1:30 yesterday. Really? Do you or your MA's check the fax machine on a regular basis?? This is not a matter of convenience it IS a matter of wellness for patients.   Operations and policies need to change at DVFM before patients start reporting to the BETTER BUSINESS BUREAU.   ANSWER YOUR PHONES, CHECK YOUR FAX MACHINES. PUT PATIENTS FIRST. Isn't that why you opened your doors?
Jeff, Jordan, Rylan, and Sheryl will exceed your expectations!! Everyone here is friendly, courteous, and makes PT enjoyable. I came to PT for multiple areas and after treatment ended I walked out 100% better than I walked in!   Sheryl is organized, efficient, and an extremely personable receptionist. Jordan and Rylan are always available to help with exercises, address concerns, and answer questions. Jeff takes his time working with you, asks throughough questions, address' your needs, and gives advice on what to do at home. As an added bonus Jeff makes great recommendations for books, t.v. shows, and movies!  I spent several months in therapy and I truly enjoyed my time here! They treat you like family and you actually look forward to coming. If I ever find myself needing PT again there is no question that I'll be coming here!
I'm new to the area, hadn't found a dr. yet, and picked this office because of its reviews-I'm so glad I did because they're wonderful!  PA David was kind and listened to my concerns while asking questions. The front staff and nurses were very nice and helpful! I highly recommend them!
I had rotator cuff issues, Dr recommended Welch PT. Guy Welch was up front with me after the evaluation, said he didn't know if he could help or not, after 6 sessions my range of motion improved but I still had pain. He could have kept me coming back and gotten more money. Instead he suggested to go back to the Dr. I had surgery November, Welch did the rehab.   He is priced competitively, doesn't try and keep you coming back to fill his wallet. I am very satisfied with the results. Flexibility and range of motion is within 5% of my other shoulder and I am pain free. Took 16 weeks but he could have kept me longer. I left there with a list of strength building exercise and couldn't be happier with the results.  I would highly recommend this organization! The entire staff is great!!
Went for the first time yesterday would highly recommend it.  Tom and his staff walked me through the process.  The pain I had been experiencing has subsided. Definitely would do it again.
I couldn't get into my regular doctor for a severe upper respiratory infection and was referred to an urgent care facility. Went to Allied Clinic at 12th St and Glendale and was received warmly and professionally. Dr Wang was great and called in a Rx that was ready when I got to Walgreen's at 16th St. Recommend this urgent care clinic if you can't get into your doc!
I found this office on the internet. very glad I did. pat and his staff have been fantastic from day one. everyone seems to truly care about you and your progress. all my questions were answered with patience and I was never rushed.  I had tried a local chain therapy center and after three visits I felt it was a complete waste of time. I would recommend manning p.t without any reservations at all. thank you pat, linda and joe  . bob woppman .
This is my first online review of anything. I am 26, and needed to establish a primary care dr for insurance purposes. I can't say enough about how unprofessional this office and medical staff is. My biggest complaint is the main phone line, for all 13 (or more) locations, where you have to wait on hold for at least 20min to speak to anyone. Today, for example, I was calling about a bill I received and had to call them 8 times in a 30min time frame because 3 of the calls were just disconnected (they answered and then hung up the line), 3 of which I was transferred to an answering machine that I did not need to do, and the other 2 I actually talked to someone but they couldn't give me any advice or help because their hands were tied. They use over 3 locations for different phone services.   Overall: -nurses are very unprofessional and unkind -dr's are not thinking through situations that could have potentially caused me serious harm -it is almost impossible to speak to anyone over the phone and the receptionist can only refer me to the main phone line answering service which is no help at all.   In summary, I will never be seeing these dr's again, and could have filed several medical lawsuits against them. Please do not go here.
I wish I can give this place no Stars .  It was so easy to sign up for my membership, Due to my health I had no choice other than cancelling my membership, this was back in March , it is now 9/17/2015, EOS is still charging my account. The managers are incompetent. They are honestly a Joke, as far as the 1800 number they have no control over the transactions. This is Illegal! I have proof I cancelled my account and yet they still charge my bank every month. Please don't go here.
Ok visit. It's an urgent care. Best you can get at 6pm for something that's really not an emergency visit necessary. My other part of my review is in my tip I left on the check in offer not being offered.
Fantasic and very friendly staff! The best in Charlotte hands down!
I have been coming to Connected Medical for over a year and Dr. Ross Dye is an excellent Chiropractor.  He is attentive and very helpful on what he does, especially with recovery from CrossFit workouts and running a marathon.  His staff, Alessandra and Chaela are helpful, professional, friendly and always make scheduling an appointment easy. Recently, they added the K-Laser to my treatment.  This has been extremely beneficial and helpful for a nagging shoulder issue.  I had issues with my right shoulder and lower back that the K-Laser completely corrected.  I no longer have issues I was having prior to the laser therapy and my range of motion is better.  I highly recommend Dr. Ross Dye and Connected Medical.
I don't even know where to start. Appointment was at 4pm finally got to see the doctor at 545pm. During that whole time all I got was excuses from an office manager about being understaffed. Here's an idea, stop making appointments if you don't have the staff to cover them. Or at a minimum, tell people in advance that it is going to be a 2 hour ordeal because of less staff and let them make the decision on whether to come in or go elsewhere. To top it off, the front desk staff basically said "deal with it". Not necessarily using those words but basically, zero empathy and cold as can be. If my wife wants to keep bringing the kids here that is up to her but I will never step foot in there again. Oh yeah, and just to make sure this wasn't a fluke, I asked around the waiting room and everyone I spoke to said this was the norm both in attitude and tardiness.
I first came to Life Health Massage because it is across the street from where I live. I am very happy that started to come here. I have been to a few massage clinics in the area and this is by far the best one. It is very professional and Debbie gives an amazing massage. I don't need to tell her where I feel sore. She always finds the spot and works out the kinks. I told my wife about Life Health Massage and she is also hooked.   I really appreciate the friendly atmosphere, the professionalism and the pride they put into their work here. Even if it was further away from my place, I would definitely still go to Life Health Massage. Do yourself a favour and try it out.  They accept insurance benefits and also offer online bookings.
I was actually pleasantly surprised by this place. I work in the healthcare field as a kinesiologist and normally I know what I am looking for. The reviews for this place made my really nervous, but after finding out that most urgent care centers do NOT take patients that are victims of assault, I was pleasantly surprised that UMC took me in.   The wait time can be long - when I was there, there were only 2 doctors on duty. The nursing staff was knowledgeable and extremely nice to me. I especially was fond of Al who was just an overall nice and generous person.  As far as the physician I saw it was Dr. Jordan. If you prefer a female doctor she is excellent. She has a great bedside manner, and REALLY wanted to make sure I was okay before leaving. She was thorough in her work  and overall was an excellent physician. It can be a rarity when you find a doctor that will actually treat you with respect and dignity.   I recommend this place when you need an urgent care to go to. I would try to venture out at non-peak hours so you are not waiting as long. IF you can get Dr. Jordan she is who I recommend you see.
If you have an actual skin condition, go somewhere else! Not only does this dermatologist office specialize in cosmetic procedures, but they have virtually no knowledge of actual skin conditions. The dermatologist I saw literally said "I have no idea what this is" about a topical cream I had been prescribed for 10 years in another state. She was not willing to research it; she simply asked me what it was. Save your time and money and go to people who are actually invested in actual skin problems.
Went in because I had a horrible sore throat and could barely swallow.  Saw Dr. Elston.  Asked him if I could have anything to help my throat feel better so I could sleep at night- like some cough syrup or something.  Told me I just had to wait it out.  So- spent money and waited there for nothing.  Spent last night waking up every 30 min because I was in so much pain.  Still feeling miserable.  Downed an entire package of throat lozenges and throat spray.  Now I'm going to have to spend even more money to go somewhere else to get something to help me to feel better.
Cannot comment on the doctors as I didn't even get that far. Called yesterday and was so grateful that I could be seen at 7:30am. Was told to arrive at 7am for paperwork. Arrived right on time only to find out my appointment was moved to 2pm with no call or explanation. So I had no choice but to go to an Urgent Care. Receptionist was not empathetic at all. Would not recommend this place at all!
I love Dr. Porter and his staff. They make you feel like family. Very thorough and explains everything to you. They truly care about you, it's not just a job.
Have waited overt 2 hours today for my mom to see a doctor. The person checking her in never put her paper work through so they didn't even know that my mom was here. I asked after 2 hours and the person at the front desk said they would get her right back. Proceeded to wait and when the nurse came out he called someone else. I told him that my mom has been waiting over 2 hours. He said just a moment. I feel bad because the other person had to wait longer but give me a break. How long should my mom have to wait? I am not recommending this place.
I have been practicing yoga for almost a decade and have never been to a studio so inviting. The staff was extremely friendly and the studio was very comfortable. Matt taught the midday hot vinyasa flow and I couldn't have been more pleased with my experience. I visited Sumits on Camelback with a Groupon, which I would recommend to any semi-yogi like me. Not only is the studio and staff great, but it is located in the most adorable shopping center with the perfect place for a post-yoga iced tea.   Overall, Sumits is the IDEAL yoga studio...especially if you jump on the Groupon that's been available for quite some time.
This place is terrible. My appointment was at 9am at 10:15 am i finaly get called back now i have to start the waiting all over.
I have never ever been so angey at a medical place like i am with this terrible place . I get a call from mike at referrals tells me i missed my appointment. I tell him i didn't get a call then he checks says tour right we didn't call .i get to make a new appointment for the next day in the morning at 10:30 am i get there then they say i have no appointment till next week then they say its at the Glendale office. REALLY i walked out im looking for a new dr. I called mike and well of course he never said my appointment was the next day in the morning. REALLY LETS LIE TO PATIENTS MAKES ME WANNA PUNCH SOME ONE mike STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE PEOPLE HERE DONT KNOW WHAT THEY ARE DOING AND THEN LIE WHEN THEY MESS UP ...IMAGINE HAVING THEM PERFORM SURGERY ON YOU AND THEY TAKEN OUT THE WRONG PART ..YOU WOULD GET BLAMED STAY AWAY
This is the worst, most incompetent, medical office I have ever been to and that's saying a lot!!!!!!  I had a 10:00 appointment on 9/11/2017. I was a new patient so I had to fill out a ream of paperwork. I arrived at 9:20 and filled out paperwork that was so redundant I was ready to scream!!!!  50 minutes!!!!  It took me 50 minutes to fill it all out!!!  Finally got to the room only to be asked the same questions by a med student that I had just spent the morning putting on the papers!!!  My reason for the appointment was start up care and to get prescriptions for my maintenance drugs. One of which my insurance no longer covers so I'd need a replacement. Very routine. Everything went well with the doctor he said he would call in the prescriptions. No problem.   By 9/13 I still did not have my scripts and when I checked with the pharmacy the hadn't even been called in. I called the office only to be told that my doctor, Dr Weismiller was out of town. The person on the phone who didn't identify themselves said she would send the doctor a message.    On 9/15 I still didn't have my scripts so I called the office again. I was told they would call in my blood pressure medicine because my doctor was still out of town.   On 9/18 I still had no meds so I called the pharmacy and then the office again. I was told it would be taken care of.  I got a call from the pharmacy at around noon saying they needed more info. My sister who is the one that recommended this doctors office was furious and called them and gave them hell. Around 4 I finally get an automated message from the pharmacy that my prescription is ready. Great.  I go pick it up and it's only half of the meds I need. I didn't get any of my COPD meds.   9/19 after calling the pharmacy to check if anything had been called in and being told no again I called my insurance to get the replacement they recommended for one of my COPD meds. I got 3 names of medicine. I called the doctors office again.  I thanked them profusely for at least getting me half of my meds but I was still missing my COPD meds. She said she'd message the doctor. I told her I called my insurance and got the names for one of the replacement meds. She didn't want to hear it. She said she'd message the doctor!!!!!!  Today is 9/20 and I still don't have my COPD meds. I don't know what more I can do other than to warn others to steer clear of this place. It's like a black hole!!!  Nobody identifies themselves when you call and nothing, or very little gets done!!!  I'm giving up!!!  I'm going to call another doctors office and start all over again!!!  I am not HAPPY!!!    After 3 weeks I finally got half of my COPD maintenance meds and at 3 1/2 weeks later my so called doctor called in a prescription for another inhaler that is equivalent to the one I already had but did not replace the Spiriva that is no longer covered by my insurance. I have notified my children that if I die due to complications from my COPD to sue the pants off of these incompetent assholes!!!  I'm so mad!!!
Steer clear of this place.!!!  They probably won't accept your insurance anyway. My doctor moved to this office and after 7 attempts I finally got someone on the phone only to be told that they don't accept my insurance. That's a first for me. They won't accept my sister's or my daughter's insurance either. Which leads me to believe they only want cash paying patients. Or maybe they don't have anyone qualified or trained to deal with insurance billing. Very UNPROFESSIONAL!!!!  I was told if I wanted I could pay cash at the cost of $125!!!!  No thank you!!!!  Every doctors office in this valley will take my insurance but you!!!  I will miss my doctor and she will be hard to replace.   I hope they make some changes to their policy on insurance before they lose more patients.  The ONLY REASON IM GIVING THEM 1 STAR IS FOR THIS REVIEW!!!!
Horrible service. The receptionists are always rude and incredibly stupid! Seriously the last time I called the receptionist was so rude I had to tell her off and insult her in order to get her to shut her rude mouth. I'm never going back here!  After unspoken to the receptionist on said day, I received a bill for $35.00 for my phone call. What kind of doctors office charges for a phone call. I am reporting this company, and beware do not go here!
I give 5 stars for Dr. Willden but only 3 stars for his  staff.  I have been seen by him for over 13 years and I trust him, literally with my life.  He is a good man and a great Dr!
I highly recommend Larry Flisser as the best PT guy in Vegas. He truly cares about each and every patient's needs, and takes time to get to know you, shows real care and concern, and is very "hands on"...he has many years of experience, and is quite knowledgeable about how to help people during therapy and making good suggestions for things to do at home too.
I started coming here because I was looking for a good RMT in Toronto to treat my painful lower back and hip pain after doing some heavy moving and lifting some really heavy stuff.  I researched some more and made my selection of whom I'd make my appointment with: Ada. I booked my appointment for a Thursday morning and although I had a little bit of trouble finding it, I wasn't too late for my appointment.  I filled in my patient disclosure form and handed it to Ada, I did the 60 minute massage and it was amazing. She is so very pleasant, and she is a great conversationalist, you feel like you are talking with a sincere friend, not a hairdresser making random conversation. She was so nice, friendly and professional - she absolutely fixed my back, and answered all of my questions. I have since recommended the place to all my close friends and family. My boyfriend recently went to her too, and he also experienced the great level of service.   This place is great, and I am eager to book my next appointment!
The wait is horrible! Same building-new name, very very slow doctor service. Speedy front desk, but the wait is unacceptable. Been here many many times when it was under a different name & the edit was never like this. Ugh!!!
Highly recommend!  My parents and I were probably one of their first customers and we are so happy to have found Myodetox, Joseph, Boris, Ethan and the whole office!   My dad is a renovator and had gone through years of injury including knee surgery. As a result, he was in pretty bad shape when we first went to Myodetox, with back pain, arms and knees. After the first treatment (lower back), he was feeling way more mobile and loose. We've been to a lot of therapists, chinese "teet-da", physios, accupuncturists and noone has been able to release and make my dad feel better the way Myodetox staff has. Over time and almost two years of periodic treatments, my dad has never felt healthier and more mobile physically than now.   Boris, Joseph, Ethan and the team even taught my dad how to foam roll, exercise at the gym and take care of himself. The dedication and honest care for their patients/clients is incomparable to all the previous experiences we have had.  Personally, the team at Myodetox has always taken care of me and they take the time to understand what happened to me so they can treat me properly. I appreciate that they always remember my old injuries and old pains on subsequent visits and everyone makes an effort to follow up on my progress.  The space is clean and not intimidating. Doesn't feel like I'm in a hospital. Payments and appointments are super easy as everything is electronic! Only down-side to the Capreol location is the lack of parking.   Thank you Joseph, Boris, Ethan and the whole Myodetox team for all that you do!
Dr. Fry is an amazing doctor. He deserves the Nobel prize. He has help my father with two different forms of parasite and help my father change his life. He cannot be thanked enough for all he has done for my family.
When is comes to medical care most people prefer a "give me something" approach to help. I was going to a former practice for over 15 years. They became pushy about tests. Met a Dr at this facility and decided to switch.   My first visit was today. It was filled with a lot of discussions and frankly some very thought provoking questions. But before I got to the room, the staff was very pleasant and efficient at what they needed to do. Wait time was small but eh no big deal.   So how do you rate a Dr office on Yelp. My thoughts were they showed empathy and actually did care about me as an individual not a billable hour or insurance code.
Despite his awards & boasting on his website, I respectfully disagree about Dr. Lee being the best, specifically as the injector of Juvederm. I paid $thousands to him and he did try to satisfy me with extra free injections. Unfortunately, he failed to give my cheeks a uniform smooth look so I went elsewhere before letting him work on my nasolabial lines. I got much better results (and with less Juvederm that Dr. Lee suggested) at a surgi spa about 1/2 a mile East of Dr. Lee's office. FYI, I am professional photographer to billionaires, produced beauty pageants, photographed thousands of gorgeous women around the world, have provided cosmetic doctors with photography equipment and instruction. This is partly why I insist on THE BEST for my face.
January 13, 2016 while flying to & from Dallas to bring home a new puppy, I did something bad to my back. Pain began in a big toe on left foot. By March the pain had me going to my General Practitioner who did all the blood tests to rule out diabetes or anything else. Then I was referred to a Neurologist, the one who claims to be #1 in Vegas. Dr. G's 2 minute exam consisted mainly of telling me how he enjoyed picking up his new Mercedes in Stuttgart. He NEVER touched me. Next stop was an MRI at Steinberg which hinted at the REAL problem. Up to this point and after 5 months of suffering and surviving on pain meds, NOBODY had cared enough to examine me thoroughly enough to isolate the problem as stenosis of my spine at L4. Everything changed when I met Dr. Scott Martin on 7/22/2016.  Dr. Martin spent over 25 minutes listening to me and then testing me so we both could isolate the real cause of the pain. Pain that resulted in sleepless nights and non-stop pains in my legs and toe for over 6 months. Immediately after his examination, he lead me to their surgical suite, performed a 100% pain-free injection and I walked out on my own less than an hour later.  Last night I enjoyed THE BEST sleep I've had in 6 months. I know that one injection block may not last forever but for the past 24 hours I have not taken ANY pain meds and I can walk, sit, squat and bend like a 100% healthy adult!!!  In my opinion, if you are suffering from pain that may be related to your spine and you see ANYONE other than Dr. Scott M. Martin, YOU are a complete idiot! Not sure what his middle name is but I think the "M" should stand for Magnificent, Magician or MiracleWorker!   P.S. The ladies who work with Dr. Martin in the surgery suite also deserve recognition for making me totally comfortable before, during and after the spinal injection. This combined team is EVERYTHING you could ever want in start to finish relief of your pain.
STILL waiting for proper documents to be sent to get a chair that works! Still in pain and pressure sores are WORSE!  They were supposed to be helping my husband improve his quality of life but now that my husband isn't physically able to go there they won't even return a phone call. I am trying to reach out to figure out how to further my husbands care with them but Amy and Dr. Quang refuse to help us and seem to only want to help when they are able to bill insurance 2-4 times a week. Thanks guys!  How will I get him back there if you guys won't help him get mobile? Shady shady business!! They are new to "helping" people and have a long ways to go, you are no help at this point! Veterans (especially ones with PTSD or any serious condition) stay away from here!!!!! I especially feel so bad for older clients who have to deal with this mess, who needs this stress on top of their physical disabilities?
Bought a massage through Groupon. Arrived early to fill out paperwork and after waiting a few minutes they handed me 5 pages of very detailed medical questions to answer. I told them i was just having a massage but they insisted i fill it out. After finishing the paperwork and waiting another 15 minutes for the masseuse to arrive i was led back to some sort of room that doubled as a storage/massage room. No apologies for being 20 minutes late to begin the massage. The massage itself was good but he never had me flip onto my back in order to massage the flip side:( my main gripe was that my massage was cut short because of his tardiness. Front desk staff could certainly use some coaching on being more cordial and helpful as well.
I ended up in the clinic when I was unable to see my primary doctor.   Dr Bagheri was the doctor I was assigned, I found her to be an excellent doctor, I know because I have a few in my family. She is professional, knowledgeable and takes the time to explain the situation fully. She also will give you the full picture and answered my questions completely.  Great Doctor, and the staff were great too.
At this point if Yelp would let me put no stars I would! So after calling for a week to simply have them refill my meds prior to me moving  they have still NOT! Even after daily calls they simply tell me the same thing "okay I'll let the doctor know when she's out of her appointment and we'll get them called in today". This place is horrible!!! Thank goodness I noticed I was up on refills prior to actually running out of my daily NEEDED meds others wise I would be SOL with this practice. An to add they just started do blood work in the office instead of sending you out. Which you would think is great right? Well not when the office doesn't bill to and you all of a sudden get a creditor call because the blood works office said they've been trying to get in touch will you and the doctor hasn't sent them you mailing address. I mean this is so unbelievable AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
You know people say the ones who leave yelp reviews are only complainers.  Well that's certainly not true. I went to the core and they had me wait for over an hour to see the dr. The dr saw me for maybe 5 minutes tops seemed like he couldn't care and didn't have time. It was not worth the wait, time, or negative pto I had to take to see him. Save yourselves and do research. My minimum wait time on that white board was 1 hr and 30 mins. The other doctors there? 60 mins. 30, and 20.   Don't schedule me then make me wait a obnoxious amount of time.
Dr Tsai started off being a decent Dr but over the years I think he became so.ewhat unattentive and clueless to my reasons for coming to see him. Last time I was there I waited for almost 1.5 hours when there was only 1 person in front of me...And on top of that I dont even think he ever remembered my name. I just got tired if the lack of professionalism there. I have a much better Dr now!
I have been more than 8 times and I have my family doctor there (Dr Growal). The doctor is really awesome, she is taking time to listen to me and trying to find solutions every time! It is really appreciated to have a doctor like that. The cloud clinic has extended hours which is great. I am little bit sceptical though with the people doing blood test I went there last saturday for a blood test, 2 persons couldn't find my blood after trying with 6 needles!!...They kept trying to find a vein moving around the needle inside my arm which caused a lot of pain...The receptionists are furthermore not really nice when I call them to make an appointment, it seems they dont like their work.
The place is central at University and King St. The receptionist are nice and professionals which is really appreciated. I am going there for Dr Wang who is doing acupuncture and chiro. Dr Wang is wonderful, the treatment she offered to me worked (after 6 sessions) and the insomnia I had started to disapear. Dr Wng is very nice and take time to listen and offer diverse solutions.
I had my first visit today and it went great. Staff is on top of everything and the visit was easy. Katie Jacobs was awesome and very thorough. I feel very happy with this office and am willing to travel a bit to go to it. I was so happy at the end of the visit and felt all of the issues I had were addressed wonderfully.
I recommend them. It took a little bit on time to see me but I was in and out with in an hour. They where very nice and double checked it I had any questions. They do electronic prescription, which was very handy by the time I got to my cvs I walked up and picked it up with no problem and in a matter of time.
I've had the opportunity to be treated by a number of the awesome providers at AZSDS and I must say I was super impressed, figuring I have a ton of issues.  The chiropractic treatments were so much more than just a sit or lay here, adjustment, and a "thanks and see you later".   The entire experience consisted of a comprehensive exam, X-Rays, e-STIM, soft tissue work (ART specifically), and THEN the actual manual adjustment which made my lower back pain go away completely.  I also received treatment from Jody Murray, the office's Acupuncturist and Athletic Trainer, which was another awesome experience.  Since I've never had acupuncture done to me before, I was unsure of what to expect.  Needless to say, I will be going back.  Jody conducted an examination on me prior to treatment using a neat little device that gave a detailed report on areas of my body that were not functioning at optimal levels and highlighted issues that I hadn't even told her about yet.  After the treatment, for the first time in I couldn't tell you how long, I actually felt like my feet and lower body were connected to the ground and "on".  Later that day I went to workout and felt like a whole new person.  Would highly recommend meeting with Jody.    The PT department was also great.  I learned a ton of what my body was NOT doing and the compensations that I had created to make up for weak and non functioning parts of my body.  Being an avid lifter, I thought that I had pretty good control of my body, but apparently not so much (thanks Dr. Whipple).  And the best part; I actually saw the PT unlike so many other offices that I've been to in the past.    Over all, AZSDS is a great office.  If you're looking to relieve pain and get back on the right track, I would highly recommend it.
I scheduled an hour Groupon massage as I live very close and am looking for club membership. I was greeted by the receptionist and then my name was called. I was told by the receptionist I would be with Lindsey and a few girls were standing there. Lindsey did not address me. I then asked which person was Lindsey and she unenthusiastically escorted me back to  a room. She seemed very unprofessional and asked me what I need work on. I explained, then prepared for massage. She did not express an empathy, concern or ask me to let her know if her pressure was too hard or soft. She just appeared disgruntled and had very rough hands. I did not like her bedside manner at all and debated just speaking up and leaving. She played music that was hard to hear from her personal phone, not a speaker set up in the room. After the massage, she did not wait for me outside and disappeared while I used the restroom. I expressed my displeasure to the receptionist and other massage therapist there. They did not appear sympathetic at all and I took a card to write to the owner named Wendy . I still have not heard back from her. Very unprofessional . Please avoid.
This was my first visit at this doctor. I loved how caring these people are, how they helped me and how clean the office was. I was afraid because I have accchs and I was worried they wouldn't be nice or the place wouldn't be clean. It was definitely a wonderful visit. Dr.joyce was excellent and help answer all of my concerns.
My 15-year-old daughter is very involved with soccer. While we were on vacation in Texas, she was doing some training and rolled her ankle resulting in a moderate ankle sprain.  As soon as we returned to AZ, we took her to Carling Physical Therapy for their evaluation and recommendations to strengthen her ankle. We were pleasantly surprised when she began some physical therapy treatments and laser treatments that very day. The sooner, the better, as far as we were concerned.  My daughter's recovery was quite remarkable! We were all amazed that in the span on one week-just three physical therapy sessions later- she was so much better. We continued therapy for another 3 weeks to continue to strengthen and stabilize her ankle to prevent re-injury. After those 3 weeks, she was released with their urging to return if her ankle worsened at all. She has been playing soccer back at an intense level for several weeks now and I am fully confident that she is 100% completely recovered.   We are so grateful to Carling Physical Therapy, and their staff of exceptional therapists, who gave my daughter outstanding care and personal attention.   If you need physical therapy, look no further. This is the place for you! They will take excellent care of you :)  With much thanks and appreciation, Allison Engle
I only give Brown Road Family Medicine 1 Star because there is not a selection for 0 Stars!    Avoid this practice.  They are terrible.  The office staff are rude and unprofessional.  Average wait times are very long; sometimes more then an hour.  After wasting an hour or more in the waiting room, the doctors run you through very quickly.  It's truly a "turn 'em and burn 'em" environment.  Don't expect to get quality care here.    Billing is another issue.  I have BCBS and TriCare.  Every single time, they could not get the insurance billed correctly.  Every claim from their services was kicked back by TriCare due to improperly billed services.  I would literally have to call the office manager and "remind" them that BCBS is primary and TriCare is secondary for every single encounter that I had with them.  For some claims I had to do this several times in order to have my insurance properly billed.  WARNING!  AVOID THIS PRACTICE AT ALL COSTS!
This is the location where I see Dr. Constantia Abarikwu, MD. There are two sides to this facility the Internal Medicine side where I visit and the Saguaro Family Practice Clinic. I like this office and I enjoy Dr. Abarikwu and usually there is no problem getting in to see her and the wait time is not painful. Parking here is also a breeze, I like the fact that there is a lab on the premises.
MML isn't corporate, which is basically the best thing ever, which is obvious when you walk in. There's very cool vintage decor, but improved interior design would ensure that people in walkers have more space to enter and cross the room, even at busy times. I don't use walker, but I cringe when I see this, or see the older or injured people dealing with very low seating in the waiting room. My experience with PT centers is that like any doctor's office, when there are too many patients booked it's a strain on everyone. This happens here too, but the staff are genuinely caring people, which makes tons of difference. Also, MML will work with you as a "cash patient" if you have no insurance or crappy insurance. Karen and Kim are at the Tonopah location and Randy is at the Bonanza location. I recommend all three. Karen is one of the people in charge, and you'll need to speak up/be assertive to be heard amid her busy-ness and distractions, but she cares. After an accident they helped bring me back to life and I learned much about how to avoid reinjury and how to take care of my injury moving forward.
This place was like waking up in a Stephen King novel. DIRTY,  uncaring lazy staff, holes in walls with wires hanging out. Someone elses blood on my call button.. no one responding in a timely manner when my roommate was choking on her own vomit. Left lying in bed for 3 days post knee replacement surgery.  I allegedly have good insurance, PPO.  GOD HELP US ALL
My wife and I have been going to Dr. Paul Coulombe for 15-20 years now (it's hard to remember). Everyone to whom we've recommended him loves his thoroughness and bedside manner and has stayed with him for five to ten years now. When our children were born (four of them), he "visited" them in the hospital even though he didn't have rights and he's been their doctor ever since--they're pre-teens now. Point is, he's a wonderful doctor and we trust him entirely with our medical care.  His recommendations for specialists have been impeccable, his advice on all facets of our health is wise and up-to-date, and his services never seem money-driven.
YES!! I came to see Jeff Dietrich as a second opinion after seeing another physical therapist and WOW!! I am so glad I did!    Jeff not only listened to me go on a diatribe about every little thing that's happened to me over the years, but he gave me the equivalent of a 99-point check to find out what was going on.  He helped me realize that my pelvis was mis-aligned...and then he actually fixed it! He gave me specific exercises to fix my tight muscles, and he talked me through the things I'm doing that might be aggravating my body.  I came back a week later get some dry-needling (which he suggested) and GEEZ!!! IT WAS AMAZING!!!   Jeff is a cyclist (as am I), so he even helped me figure out what to do to improve my performance.  I'm SO impressed with him and everyone in his office.  They don't take my insurance, but it's totally worth the extra $$.
I came to Jackson Physical Therapy because the doctor I really wanted to go to didn't accept my insurance.  I saw one of the doctors there (maybe Jackson??) who was very nice.  The office staff was lovely and got me in very quickly.  I went through all the details of what was going on - it's a laundry list, so the fact that he listened to me and kept asking questions is much to his credit.    He went through a couple physical tests (moving my body around in weird positions and such) and ultimately told me I was fine.  He suggested I do some yoga, but didn't offer any specific advice to help solve the issue.    I left feeling alright about everything, but then realized I should probably get a second opinion.  I went and saw a second physical therapist (the one I was referred to by a friend, who doesn't take my insurance) and had a much more thorough appointment.  That doctor helped me realize that my pelvis was mis-aligned and gave me specific stretches to do that will help.  The team at Jackson is really nice and probably great for people who have had surgery or need rehab from accidents...but wasn't the right doctor for me.
Hooray!  The pt for rotator cuff was a success. No surgery needed. Kaitlin, Andrea and Steve definitely bring their "A" game to work every day.  Now undergoing pt for acl replacement. Once again receiving top notch care. I am further along than I expected. If you have a choice of where to receive therapy, pick Foothills.
I couldn't walk without their help.  I am 72 yr old female who is highly active in sports.  I couldn't do it without Steven Garcia PT help.   They are the best.
This has been my massage clinic for a year and I love it!  Appointments can be easily made by email or the phone. I usually book a month ahead to secure the exact date and times that I want. Definitely useful for December massages since they book up really fast during the end-of-year scramble to use up insurance benefits.  The reception staff are lovely and make me feel welcome as soon as I walk in. The reception area has a place to hang your coat, store your shoes (and umbrella!) and there is plenty of seating.  Your RMT will meet you in the reception and walk you to your massage room. The rooms are a comfortable warm temperature so you're not shivering below the sheets.   I've seen Sabrina, Kristyn, and Krista and all three have a wonderful touch. Each of them has taken the time to ask me about my concerns and areas for focus, and they take time to check-in about pressure and comfort during the massage. I appreciate their tips on how to loosen up at home (stretches, warm compresses, an AcuBall, etc.).  I also like that they all speak highly of each other as colleagues which makes me feel like I could see any of the RMTs there and be satisfied. Yay for TO Bodyworks!
Absolutely ridiculous business model and IT implementation. 5 different medical practitioners have screwed up things from a wheel chair order to completing surgery requirements in a timely fashion to prescriptions and even incorrect documentation of visits!  They are absolutely handcuffed by the inability to communicate effectively.  Doctors rotate from location to location so to see a doctor, you may get someone that doesn't know you and just reads notes.  To make it worse, they think they do a great job!  This place may be ok if you see a doctor for occasional sniffles, but if you need medical care, please beware! One Ticked Off former patient!  Would give them zero stars if I could!
I love my Dr. (Kelly Barker)...she's the best I've had. She takes time to explain things, calm my fears but also doesn't dismiss them. I feel she's very thorough and warm. The wait time is usually rather short, and most of the staff is pretty friendly. I'm not marking it 5 stars because on occasion when I call to message a Dr. it's not always the warmest experience (from a couple different staff)...but it's also not rude. I think they're in a sort of automatic mode. Overall my experience here is quick, efficient, and friendly. Dr. Barker really hears you and helps you investigate what's up and treats you like she cares. I'd recommend her to anyone. She also calls you back if you need it and is patient and thorough on the phone too. Their after hours doctors on call have been alert and concerned the times I've called and both times squeezed me in the next day to check out what was wrong.
The facility is elegant, sumptuously decorated and smells amazing. They manage to recreate a spa experience without charging a lot. My massage therapist was friendly and professional.  My only complaint would be that the massage felt a little perfunctory. I got the feeling that she wanted to get it over with, going through the necessary steps as fast as possible. I was her last massage of the night and she still did a good job but it did feel a little rushed.
I am so impressed with the compassionate and professional care at this facility. Everyone from the folks that deliver food, the occupational and physical therapists, nurses, aides, Dr. Prabhakaran...the entire staff are so kind and caring. I highly recommend this facility to anyone who is in need of care!
My late husband was brought here for supposed to be rehab as he was getting better.   I was promised by a certain Leslie that he will have a private room.  It was a lie.  He was there for 4 days, and he became worse.   I had to transfer my husband back to Centennial Hospital where he came from.  The ambulance who took him told me that he was seriously ill.  As soon as he got in the hospital, it was a worse sight for me.   Kindred neglected my husband.  And after 2 weeks in the hospital, I lost him.   Beware of where you bring your loved ones for rehab, because I will not make the same mistake twice and I don't want you to go through what I went through.   That facility should be closed.
Troy is the best physical therapist in Arizona.  Recovery from my shoulder surgery was terribly slow and frustrating as it unfortunately has to be, but Troy and his team were the best part of it and the care and attention I received was top notch.  I would not trust a serious injury recovery to anyone else.
Great Practice! New to the area & extremely picky when it comes to picking a doctor. So happy I came across this facility after a lot of researching. I had seen NP Megan Mayes and she was phenomenal. Highly recommend seeing her. Novant's entire staff was pretty much amazing and very friendly. Administrative staff was on point when it came to scheduling, and paper work. Very detailed and quick. Also, I didn't have to wait long at all for an appointment or at my appointment. Thanks to the MA's and Assistants that made that happen. Great teamwork! I can go on and on, but overall fantastic experience, hopefully I don't have too in a while, but definitely look forward to my next appointment.
Therapists here are great. The owner Scott is a piece of work. I went there for a long time and he never once acknowledged me.  What kind of businessman never says hello to his customers?  I had PT for 9 months there. Fortunately, the people who helped me made it a positive experience.
I love the family practice doctors here at Nevada family care.   They have there own lab technicians on site, this make blood work so much easier. They are first come first serve no appts. I have never waited longer than 20 minutes from check in to check out.   The only reason this place does not receive 5 stars. Is the wait times. I know with health insurance pay outs, the docs have to see more patients. But sheesh.   The longest I have waited so far is 50minutes with an appt. Normal wait is 30 minutes from check in .
Given a massage as a gift. It was a good experience. Very good massage and positive interaction with staff.
Professional and friendly service. Dr. Marz was knowledgeable and easy to talk to, really taking the time to listen and make a proper assessment. So happy with my orthotics, I only wish I'd gone to see her sooner!
I  was recommended to Egoscue by my Physical therapist. He told me due to my insurance he was limited to what he could do for me and said if I wanted to recover from my injuries it would happen at Egoscue. I did recover and discovered it helped my Fibromyalgia. I have been going there on and off for about 7 years, why? With my fibromyalgia I find great relief from my pain and I have better overall functioning when I participate in the Egoscue method.  The owners John and Billie are fabulous and very helpful. Maria my therapist is wonderful! When I go there on my own to do my menu, they will offer a tip or add an exercise if I mention a pain or discomfort I may be experiencing. There are truly caring professionals and I would highly recommend them to anyone.
Came here a few times already and my experience is beyond expectations. Met up with Angelo which is the owner, got cryo done, EWOT, and the leg compression. This facility is definitely has everything you really need. Angelo has the knowledge and the passion, that makes this place the best in my opinion. This place is now a weekly regular, highly recommend.
This review is for the massage services, only...  Signage out front lures you in, as it proclaims "$19 for one hour massage"...but note that the offer is for first time clients, only.    I bought gift certificates for a couple family members one Christmas, and also one session for myself.  We were able to schedule two simultaneous appointments, but that was the maximum because they employed only two massage therapists (at that time, at least).  When we filled out the paperwork as first time clients, it became evident that their goal was to sign us up for a membership.  The staff also brought this up at every possible opportunity.  Be forewarned that the introductory offer is seemingly just a means to get you in the door and sign up for ongoing sessions at a much higher (per-session..? monthly..? yearly..?) cost.    The lobby area of the office was actually quite nice, not exactly a spa-type environment but there were some nice decorative touches.  The rooms where the massages took place were a slightly different story.  The one I was assigned to was rather outdated, brightly lit (lots of windows), large and impersonal, and seemingly multi-functional (chairs, tables, personal belongings here and there), not to mention freeeeeezing cold.  It was also right next to the main road outside so traffic noises were quite audible.  I'm not a massage snob, not trying to be hyper critical, but the room temperature and noise made it pretty difficult for me to relax.  As for the massage therapists, apparently the woman who worked on my family members was great, really knew what she was doing.  Unfortunately, the same can't quite be said about the young gal I was assigned to.  I don't want to drag her through the mud but clearly she didn't have a whole lot of experience.  She seemed a bit unsure and barely spent any time on the areas where I really could've used some work.  She brushed quickly over the entire lower and upper back, shoulders, upper arms, and neck, and instead focused a puzzling amount of time on my shins, of all places.  And although she put hardly any noticeable pressure on the rest of my body, the shin treatment was unbearably painful and relentless...she kept going over and over them to the point where I couldn't control my involuntary flinching and had to ask her to stop.    In all honesty, my massage left me more tense than I had been to begin with.  It wasn't quite the relaxing experience I'd hoped for.  And what further upped the awkwardness factor was when my massage therapist came to me, after I'd finished getting dressed, with a fee sheet and asked me when I would like to schedule my next session with her.  Ummm...thank you, but, ummm...        As I said, my other family members were super pleased with their massages, so it's not all bad, I just personally had a less-than-wonderful experience.  My advice, if you decide to schedule an appointment, is to ask ahead of time about each therapist's qualifications and tenure so you can specify at that time who you'd like to see.  And bring warm, fuzzy socks.  And shin guards.
I made one visit to this office with my 4 month old.  It was worse than a visit to the DMV.  I waited close to two hours for my appointment and was given nothing but excuses.  I would highly recommend avoiding this practice.  In addition I needed an extra diaper only to be told they don't have any.
I have had few sessions with Karen. She is amazing at what she does.   I've also had massages here with Thomas. He is very good at figuring out the origin of the pain and to get raid of it. Tom is perhaps the best massage therapist I've seen.
Unprofessional and insurance scammers. With my insurance I don't have to pay a co-pay for my annual well-visit. When I arrived for my visit I was charged a co-pay. When I explained I didn't have one, they insisted I did, so I paid it with the intention of following up with my insurance carrier. After calling Healthnet I was told the Dr coded this as a sick visit! When I called the office back for clarification they then told me that they "never code the first visit a well visit, that is for the second visit". WTH? I wasn't sick! But I had to pay a copay? And why would I come back AGAIN for a well visit when I already had it? This is unacceptable. I would never go back there. Ever. They lost a patient over $30. Beware- DO NOT come here for a well visit because you are going to pay for it.
My wife has been in and out of this place for the last 4 months....the best thing about this hospital are the nurses.....the fifth floor nurses rock...they are so knowlegable and always take extra time to make sure she is comfortable. The rooms are clean and spacious.....Tameka rocks!!!!!!!
My father-in-law is visiting us, and had a backpain in April 2012.  I found "Backfit Health and Spine-Phoenix" online and gave it a try. They tried different ways to relief the pain, one of way is to use electrical current to block the pain, which showed some effect.  I was told on the third visit that I could purchase a Tens Unit to do it at home.  Because I haven't done any research on the pricing, I was hesitate.  Then I asked what kind of warranty it comes. The technician (I think his name is Peter, not 100% sure) told me that there is no store warranty, only manufacturing warranty.  Then I asked if it can be returned, he told me "yes, you can bring it back". This made me going ahead and purchased the unit.  Then I found a unit with much lower price online.  I purchased one from online and tried to return the first one to the store the next Sat.  Then I was shocked to hear from the same person telling me that "medical device cannot be returned"!  I can understand the policy of "medical device cannot be returned" after he told me that (first time for me since I haven't used any medical device before), but he shouldn't lie to me in the first place.  And there is no any sign about this policy in the store, or on my receipt.  I am very disappointed the dishonest way they run business.
You might wait in the lobby for longer than you want to but when you get in to see the Doctor (Dr. Barry) you will be glad you waited. She is going to take as much time as you need to talk not only about what you are there for but anything else you want duing the visit. She is the deffinition of patient CARE. I am glad to have found her. The office staff are all professional friendly people and I dont have much trouble getting in when I need to. Great job.
I went through a blitz where I tried tons of gyms around TO and it was always Totum that I wanted to come back to.  I joined on a monthly corp rate and it was worth every penny.  I'd usually go at 2PM or around 7PM and there was never any problem getting on a machine for my warm-ups.  They've got little TVs in front of the elliptical machines, if you want to zone out, or you can hit the treadmill and watch the flow of people down on King below.    What I like most is that the place always feels clean and serene. The interior is long and narrow which offers some privacy.  Music is never overbearing either.   (Diesel Fitness, which used to be around the corner always felt like a nightclub, the place planned out so eyes were drawn to bouncing bums or perfect pecs while music blared and people tried to chat you up.  Totum isn't like that at all.)  Winding down after workouts with a steam and then a shower rainforest-style completes the experience. I always feel strong, soothed and focused after my time at Totum.  Only pitfall really (besides the lack of pool) is that staff, while they try to make the effort aren't always good at the follow through.  I'd booked a free consultation when I started to set up a training program but was told I should visit their chiropractor (at about $110) to discuss my chronic knee and back injuries.  I went to another trainer after that who said she'd help but got too busy.  I also tried reaching the membership director a few times about extending my membership but never got an email back.  Waiting to see if they bill me anyway. (Had to cancel 'cause I'm relocating.)  In other areas their customer service is stellar.  There are weekly seminars by experts in nutrition and fitness.  I took one and learned a ton about balance techniques. The gym sends out monthly newsletters to get people engaged - they do seem to care about their members - and they're conscientious about the environment, encouraging everyone to stop buying plastic bottles and bring their own refillable.
Haven't seen the doctor,  just the PA which went normal. However the office staff who answer the phones need some serious customer service skills upgraded. After calling to get a referral they told me they would CALL back. Never received a call so I called back to inquire and was told it was posted on the portal which is fine, don't tell me you will call me back them. The referral needed is nothing they can diagnose, as it is through an eye specialist. I was told I had to come in to an appt to get a referral (basically to pay more co-pays and take time off work for something the can't do anything for) when I expressed this she told me to then go switch insurance companies if I wasn't happy with it. RIDICULOUS response.  Because switching companies is so easy in our economy.  I will be switching practices however.
I have been going here for about two years now. My wait times are usually long. The waiting room is usually empty when I arrive, so I can never understand why it always takes 10 - 15 minutes to see me, then another 10 - 15 minutes for the doctor to arrive.    There are plenty of thing that still irk me about this place besides waiting: They take a lunch from noon until 1:30 pm, so if you have a lunch break and need to talk to someone, tough luck. Why do they need an hour and a half for everyone to take a lunch? Also, getting test results used to come through email or they would call me. Now I have to call them, then call back several times to see if I need to see the Dr again because I'm still sick. Then they tell me he might be sending me a referral in the mail but they don't know yet... SO I wait for the mail to arrive for a week and nothing.  Do I call back? Has Dr Tran decided whether I should get a referral yet?   It's so strange.   I am buying myself a car today just so I can go to see a doctor I don't have to walk to. This place is far too disorganized.
Still no word back from them!! Wow great customer service. Beware of the scams and shadiness of this company. Make sure that you talk to someone when cancelling or else you'll be out your money and they will never contact you! Tried calling the other day and of course no one answered.
I saw NP Bell and she is fantastic! She is a wonderful listener pays, attention to details and evaluated my condition completely.  When I left I knew what was going on and when my test results were returned to the office they called me immediately.
Waited an hour and still didn't see the Dr. Really bad management. I've never seen a doctor office ran this way and I hope to never again.
I've been seeing Dr. Patel since 2002. He has always been helpful, listened well and given good advice. Sometimes he recommends just over the counter vitamins to help with issues and sometimes prescribes but it always is warranted. My husband started seeing him and now my 6 month old goes to him. He has yet to do us wrong...though I will say the person on the phone has been short with me a time or two, but i do not believe in bringing his review down as a doctor because of someone else's bad day.
I have been going there for a year and my is Doctor  Gardener excellent Doctor and Staff.    All around excellent  customer service  and the d Doctor  SHOW that he care for his patients.
Woke up one day with a pain on my lower back. And I was referred to complete care injury center by a friend of mine, I ended up being treated by Dr. Laurito. The whole experience was fast and easy. The staff was very knowledgeable with all the questions I had. I will definitely recommend this place to anyone!
If you are looking for a family practice office which you will wait 1-2 hours after your appointment time to be seen this is the place for you.   If you are looking for incompetence from the administrative staff--wrong prescriptions called in, inability to simply send records when requested, call for refill prescriptions, etc.  this is the place for you.    If you are looking for a family practice that sees 50-60 patients a day and after a 1-2 hour wait you will be lucky to be seen for 7 minutes then this is the place for you.    If you are looking for a practice that does not follow up and send you results of blood tests, or any tests you take for that matter --this is the place for you.
I was having a hard time finding a family doctor in Toronto, so I asked friends for recommendations. A friend spoke very highly of Dr. Farzana Haq and the entire practice, so I scheduled an initial appointment.   Dr. Sarah Cook is now my family doctor. She is kind, non-judgemental, and very professional. You really feel that she cares about her patients. I have been in a few times now, and have met Rose (the nurse), and saw Dr. Haq as well.   I would highly recommend Emkiro Health Services.  I really appreciate their appointment booking system where you can always get in within one week. They only book one week ahead, so you will not wait forever to see a doctor. I have always been able to get an appointment with 1 or 2 days of calling. The most I have waited in the lobby is 10 minutes - and I was early.
I wish I could give no stars . Wow . "DR" Rachel Stolley is a completely arrogant condescending disrespectful human. I had a problem in August where I was sent to a ultrasound tech and a gastroenterologist. That was done nicely because they sent me else where... Did NOT ever call me me or give me any results to my ultrasound ... Doubt "DR" could even read them . Came back in October for severe headache and carpal tunnel issues.. Unrelated to first..Treated me like i was a hypochondriac drug addict and a complete idiot, I go to school for medical diagnostic sonography btw and she completely said unquote " you sure seem to have a lot of problems, are you sure something is really wrong?" Ummmm yes my head is killin me and I'm in extreme pain .. "Are you sure you don't have a low pain tolerance ?" What??? Are u kiddin me?? Then she finally looks at my results from August on my ultrasound scan which showed I had a burst ovarian cyst ?!!! Really ?! so my pain tolerance is that low huh... My initial symptoms were I had a feeling of blockage in my bowel which is a symptom of an ovarian cyst.. So do u think she put two and two together ??! Nope . My gastroenterologist called me and was the nicest human ever, he told me I had an internal hemorrhoid  and a polyp in my colon.. So she knew all this happened right ... Then continued to act like I was making up or over exaggerating my second problem two months later!!!!! Omg just do your job! But No u have to act like everyone is nuts because most of her patients are I'm sure are ! I have Medicaid unfortunately I'm a single mother who works and goes to school full time ..., how dare she treat me like her employees who she was yelling at and bossing around in a rude nonsensical matter ... Honestly she seems so new at this, over worked with no experience ! this is the McDonald's of dr offices and a run down ghetto one at that . Just because you went to school for something doesn't mean you know anything or how to treat people .. Fail!!!!!
Dr. Hajbandeh and his staff are wonderful. We are very pleased with the care that we receive in his office. He is friendly and very knowledgeable AND we never have to wait a ridiculous amount of time to be seen. We appreciate him very much!
Dr Sbaih and her PA Ashley Smith are excellent. But don't depend on that office for life saving prescriptions to get to a pharmacy, or at least have a fall back. Ran out of med, called it in Friday. Rejected by office. Saw office yesterday, med supposed to be sent in. Went to pharmacy. Not received.   Started to raise some fuss...all of a sudden,pharmacy has it! Oh wait, but it isn't a 3 month supply. so now we get to do this all again NEXT MONTH!  Yaaaay!. I love running around and going twice to the pharmacy for something that should have been ready YESTERDAY. If you can spend hours waiting for your appointment, make lots of phone calls when people aren;t doing their job, and NEVER ACTUALLY GET TO SEE THE DOCTOR, EVEN WHEN HOSPITALIZED, then this place is for you. If you have a life (and want to keep it due to medicine) go elsewhere.
I phoned at 11am to register and they said I was in luck, because my area would be covered by the doctor on duty, first. They said the shift was from 12 - 6pm and that I would be seen no later than 3pm. After I phoned them at 4pm, to ask if someone was still on the way, they assured me that they were. At 6pm, they said that the doctor's car had broken down and they weren't sure what was happening. At 8pm they said that the doctor decided that I wasn't one of the lucky patients they would be seeing that day, but if we were interested - we could call back tomorrow and try again. After I asked why we weren't notified about this as soon as it happened (apparently, the car broke at around 4:30pm) they didn't have an answer. My symptoms were a really high fever, body aches and a cough. Not sure what else would warrant a doctor's visit and how they decided who they would see that day.  Extremely upset and disappointed, considering we waited ALL day. Very poor customer service. Never again.
I was very fortunate to be able to have Tom work on my legs when he was in Los Angeles - He is the absolute best!  Very friendly, respectful, and knowledgeable. He pinpointed my knee problems quickly (I was so surprised, what I assumed was a problem in my knee was actually being caused by weak butt muscles! I never would have figured that on my own) and the exercises he showed me were simple movements that were so effective - and they were movements that I didn't have to do in a gym setting. It was so helpful that I could do strengthening exercises at home.  After such a great experience with Tom, I can't imagine going anywhere else for my physical therapy needs.  We're missing out in Los Angeles, but everyone in Scottsdale and the surrounding area are VERY lucky to have such an amazing physical therapist to go to!
Do NOT allow your loved one to come here. My friend was choking so I ran to get the nurse. She came in, looked and said, well, you're breathing and talking. REALLY???? I asked them to empty the trash, they didn't. My friend hasn't been turned all day. He wanted  to change clothes, they couldn't be bothered. My friend wanted a soda refill for lunch, didn't get it. The general disposition,  they couldn't care less.
Dr Austin is incredibly thorough with pt and family history. She personally spent a lot of time with me. Dr. Austin has awesome bedside manners and is very personable. This is a small well run office. Staff is also personable. Dr. Austin is a stellar example of a great doctor. I can't imagine that a patient would be turned away if they showed up in need without an appointment.
I am so happy to have found this place for my son.  Heather the owner is a very kind and smart lady she is professional yet very easy to speak with.  She truly loves what she does and everyone on her team are so very kind.  My son sees Kate and she is amazing with my kiddo.  She has made major gains with him in only a short time.  Great location easy parking and a nice lobby to sit in.  I highly recommend this place for all your OT and Physio needs.
Thorough. Personable. Courteous. Professional. Responsive. All words describe my experience at Physicians Physical Therapy. There are a LOT of Physical Therapy options in this city, but you won't be disappointed here. I felt like a priority. I felt like a person, not just a case they were treating. If you want a clean office, with a courteous staff, and excellent treatment, look no further.
I've never been to physical therapy before, so I can't compare it to another experience. What I can compare it to is customer service.   I've been coming here for 3 weeks and after a joint surgery it's not what I expect. I expect to always get better and never back pedal, I'm learning that after a major surgery, frustration is part of the process. The team here is amazing in keeping my spirits up. Times I come in not feeling the best, but I always leave feeling better (inside and out). My biggest hurdle now is walking. Every visit every staff member always asks how I'm doing (everyday can change). Key is to listen to your body and voice what it's saying and they will help! I have a love hate relationship with deep tissue massages. It's definitely not what I remember them to be like. I guess when you really need it, it hurts like hell... But it's such a relief later that day.  The facility is inside of Athletic Gaines which is a sports fitness training facility. It's an open air type of feel with space for boot camps, weight training, and physical therapy. I'm always motivated to get better by being able to see others run their drills! I'm actually planning on taking some classes once I'm able to. There's sports memorabilia all around the treatment rooms; autographed footballs, basketballs and pictures; Another thing that's reassuring!!! Working with professional athletes that have rehabbed back to their profession is inspiring!   I recommend this place for those who wish to fully recover from injury. I believe healing is not just body, but mind as well, and Sports therapy is setup to win in both areas!
Arrived and was told there was a five hour wait all I needed was a DOT recertification my employer contracts with Concentra so it is my only choice for service this is horrible service
After a two hour wait and a $30 co pay the doctor barely listened to any of my symptoms or what was going on. I was prescribed some antibiotics and shoved out the door. I became much more ill over the night and ended up missing a second day of work. I had to go to a different urgent care and spend additional funds on a co pay just to get my symptoms treated. Don't use this location, there are other urgent cares in the area that actually care about patients.
I've been waiting for over an hour and a half to meet with my PCP. What's the point of making an appointment?!
Visited my mom here after she fell, everything they do here they do well.  It is a beautiful facility, the staff are friendly and attentive and they provide safe care.
Being an older and retired couple (well not really "old") we arrived at Dr Dom's in need of adjustment of the infamous "Bad Back" and "Creaky Neck" syndromes of our ages. After a thorough examination and xrays, we were prescribed separate courses of treatment and an experience with the NASA-created "Magic, Mystery, Machine".  Capable of delivering specific impulses targeted to treatment areas this technological marvel was instrumental in charting our individual progress on a graphic screen, easily readable and understood by our laymen eyes. Dr. Dom recognized my further problem of scar tissue turning to cartilage in my shoulder from an old injury and turned me over to his talented protg, Dr. Matt, who pressed, twisted and scrunched my arm over several sessions until any need for rotator cuff surgery vanished from my fear (and pocketbook) of a hospital procedure. We have been away from the PHX area for over a month (having moved to Nevada) but Dr. Dom's and Dr. Matt's continuing exercise regimens have succeeded in our continuing well-being and freedom from the aches and pains of our previous problems. Well done guys!  We will never forget the experiences... or the fun at the front desk with Candice, a truly top-notch lady.
Josh Adams is a highly knowledgeable and skilled professional in the field. Using the latest techniques and highest-quality equipment (tables and adjusting instruments) in the industry, Dr. Adams will get to know your personal needs and work out a customized plan that best fits them. My condition as a tennis player requires adjustments and techniques that play into my flexibility, which Dr. Adams made clear and has been committed to working on. He's literally got your back!
Dr. Lampinen is an awesome Doctor. He takes his time with all his patients and we never feel rushed. His staff is friendly and making an appointment has never been a problem. The office is clean and looks well organized. I would definitely recommend Dr. Lampinen to everyone looking for a good family doctor in Las Vegas.
Amazing staff at this facility! I am fairly new to the area and needed a new Dr. I found Hieu Truong at this facility and she is the best! She is very thorough and caring. Does not rush through the appointment and makes you feel very comfortable! I love her. The rest of the staff is super nice and extremely helpful. Great relief to find such an awesome provider!
I have been going to Advanced Back and Neck care for many years. The office is very professional.  I've had adjustments, PT and massage therapy and have been very happy with all of their services.  The facility is clean and very nice, the staff is excellent to work with, I never have to wait more than a couple of minutes.  Everyone is warm and friendly. It's a great place.
Love Dr Laura! I'm sure the other doctors are great but We only see her! Staff is friendly, location is spacious and always clean
Usually I go to the Doctor's Office on Bloor Street East because it is close to where I live, but as I am usually in the Queen/Yonge area, I decided to give this place a go.  I was not let down at all. We went before work around 7:45am (they open at 8). There was one person waiting ahead of us outside. They opened right at 8 and started registering people. I am a new patient but it was straight forward to register. We were taken to see the doctor as soon as we were done filling out the forms.  We came here for travel and to get our Twinrix vaccination. Our doctor (female - though I cannot remember her name) was the sweetest person you could imagine. Attentive, friendly, down to earth, understanding - you name it!  We paid $70 for the Twinrix and $35 fee to see the doctor. My one beef with our visit there was we were never told about the $35 fee until the very end. Our doctor was too nice to make a big deal over it, but it is definitely important for them to let you know up front exactly how much your visit will be.  Very good experience overall, and I will certainly be back!
The staff here are really professional and friendly. I have been sick lately and had to be rushed to the hospital from physical therapy and they even called me to see how I was doing and to make sure I was okay.
Overall this is a great place to go to. I highly recommend coming here. Great doctors, and great staff!
This is so ridiculous. We are sitting here in the waiting room while 4 workers sit in the center where you register for quick care and they're practically screaming to one another about what they're going to do during the day and other patients files. Not only is that unprofessional but I surely don't want my business blasted out loud for everyone in the waiting room to hear.   We've been waiting for about an hour now listening to these people and no one else in the waiting room but three other people who came after us. We would go somewhere else but we've already been waiting for an hour and my husband is in severe pain.
I have been a patient of Dr. Shreder's for about 20 years now. I've always been treated very well by him and his staff. A little over 2 years ago I was diagnosed with Graves disease.  I've been going to an endocrinologist and being monitored with all of the medications I've been taking. Dr. Shreder always checks my neck  (my thyroid) to make sure it's not swollen,  always asks how I'm feeling, even though I'm just seeing him for regular Check ups or just regular "stuff" . I went into remission about 6 months ago with the graves disease, and I had gained quite a bit of weight and couldn't seem to lose it no matter what. Got the ok from the endocrinologist and Dr. Shreder put me on diet plan. I've lost 16 pounds in 2 months and have about 7 more to go and couldn't be happier. I don't have health insurance anymore, just can't afford it unfortunately,  but Dr. Shreder's diet plan has been very reasonable, especially compared to other "med spas" & diet plans I've researched out there.  Thank you for all of you time, caring, support, and staff!
It was one of the most fascinating experiences that I've ever had. I meditate a little and I found the float tank to be amazingly relaxing. Chris and Vianca we're very helpful in explaining the process. It was spotless, which made me comfortable right from the start.
I've got two more visits to go and I am surely improved.  I thank Danny for his support.  He continued to be creative in identifying variations of exercises to keep my shoulder mobility and strength improving.  I like that Danny is open to modifying a therapeutic approach.  By this I mean he agreed with my suggestion that since I have not been completing my at home work of about 14 exercises, that I do one set of each 10 times.  This one modification improved my exercise-compliance by 100% -- and has led to me doing more repetitions.  Danny is a practitioner who cares about his patients.  The only reason I could not give THE BUSINESS 5 stars is I feel the scheduling and patient load on the therapists is too high.  Danny had to run from me to another patient several times.  I felt no neglect in his care, he continued to be attentive to my treatment, I just felt he was rushed in providing the hands-on care.
The first day of this place was a whole 5 stars. They got me in right away. My nurse was extremely nice the doctor was even better. Very detailed. I've had a cold on and off since the End of August I was finally at my wits end and decided it was time to get seen so I could get rid of this nasty cold for good. They did a nose swab which results take 24 hours or less to receive.( keep this is mind) the doc sent me over to get chest X-rays fearing my lungs they gave me a shot of kenalog  and called in a breathing treatment and some nose spray. On my way to chest X-rays. This is where they lose a star. Doc had put a rush order on my X-rays and the women at the clinic said that the images were already received and i would hear from them once they read them. Well they didn't read them until I called the next day to find out if my nose swab results came back. So not only didn't they read them when they received I had to ASK and after waiting 4 hours I got a call back saying the X-rays had been read. They were clear. So now we wait for the nose swab results would should have been in already it's been over 24 hours. This is where the next star gets lost . My insurance didn't cover the nose spray they sent over which they were aware of they didn't bother to call in a generic brand or anything else so at this point I've had a kenalog shot and breathing treatments which aren't helping. This is the next star they lose. All this started on a Thursday. I went all weekend with no antibiotics pending the results of my nose swab.  I called first thing Monday leave a message and no response. Tuesday 4 days after my nose swab which should have taken 24 hours . they call and she says sorry it took so long she doesn't know why it took so long she had to go in a pull it from the portal , and say I tested positive for RSV and a flu virus. She tells me to get lots of rest. Okay I've been doing that since the last Tuesday. At this point I just want my antibiotic so I can shake this nasty virus. I tell her I'm feeling really bad still and her response is well ya you have RSV and a flu virus. I have to ask for an antibiotic . This is where they lose their next star. She was going to have the prescription sent over to CVS. (Okay great finally getting somewhere) I finish up my day pick up the kids from school and head over to CVS to pick up my prescription. Big surprise they have NOTHING there for me. I call the doctors office oh yes we sent that over it should be there for you. I went back and forth with CVS And this doctors office at least 4 times. The docs office closed and the last conversation I had with one of the girls was that CVS sometimes takes time to pull it from the system. Okay I wait till about 8:30 to head back to CVS a half hour before they close and they still show nothing that has been sent over. Today is now WEDNESDAY ALMOST A WEEK I still have nothing at CVS. Called first thing called the docs office oh yes we sent that. NO YOU DIDN'T. If you did it would be there. They are gonna check on it. So I get a call back and she's like I don't know what happened so I physically called it in for you and it's not an antibiotic it's a steroid.  I don't know if they just dropped the ball with me or if everyone gets this kind of care. But almost a week for me to get any sort of medicine is absolutely insane. I am the worse I've been. My husband gets seen at the VA which is suppose to be the slowest worst care ever but he gets taken better care of and faster care there then this place. I am really bummed because the nurse I saw and Doc Amanda were great. Sarah was friendly too but when your sick and you need people to do their jobs friendly only gets you so far. I will not follow up there I will be searching the area of Surprise for a new doctor.
Horrible experience. After laser vein treatment, I asked for a followup with doctor 3.5 weeks out because another doctor's office of mine (always in Top Docs), who does cosmetics as well, suggested it, stating that the skin looked burned and they didn't seem to feel it was done at the right 'depth,' as every vein was still there or looked worse, with full circulation. When the doctor at Bellagio came in, he said that, because I'm 53 and I heal slow (I usually heal very fast from any cut or bruise) that I need to apply heat and massage to help the vein absorb and that it was all in the fine print last time. The most rude thing he said was "Who is this doctor who told you there's a problem? Is he as skilled as me? Did he own a vein therapy school like I did [which I understand was for a very short time]? I think you should go to him. I don't want you as a patient if you are going to take other doctor's advice." While I was embarrassed and felt apologetic at first, I realized after he left the room, that this probably made the most sense. So, I'm happy to say I'm in the waiting room waiting for a refund. A person's true character is only known when it is tested. I would not recommend Bellagio Vein Clinic for laser. I was satisfied that they did offer a refund.
Great service!  Loving having a urgent care so close!  Great care and expedient service.  Will be coming back for all my urgent care needs
I was warned that I would be disappointed with this family practice and unfortunately I was. I will never visit this office again, they are rude, unprofessional, and the doctor does not listen to your concerns.
Worst experience I have ever had involving medical "professionals" I don't even know where to start there have been so many issues. Every single time i have been there I have waiting 30 min to 1 hour to be called back although i am always on time. Once I even tried to schedule my appointment first thing in the morning so I would be the first patient there so I would not have to wait. Nope, still a 30+ min wait to be called back and another 30+ min for the doctor to come see me. Doesn't make any sense. The staff at the front desk are all unexperienced and immature seems like all the girls are still in high school. The doctor seems like he doesn't know what is doing and doesn't seem to know what he is talking about. Once I had to tell him what I think he should be prescribing me. I do not trust this facility with my healthcare at all. The last straw is when I scheduled an appointment and they call me 3 hours before telling me that the doctor has to leave early and wanted to know if I could come in now. I told them I could not because i was at work, and the rep proceeds to tell me... "So your cancelling then???" HA! This place is a joke. My advice is to run, find another doctor. Anything is better than this.
I started going to MyDoctorNow in Mesa on Main St. about a year ago after a friend of mine referred me. Then my job changed and the one on Ellsworth was closer. So I started going there. The facility was clean, and for the most part private. The doctor did ok, but see, I was there to get my IUD removed and for whatever reason the doctor couldn't find it. So she sent me to get an ultrasound at one company(Simon Med(fuck them)) and they tried to make me pay my coinsurance up front $500.00. So I called the doctor's office and they sent me to EVDI, I literally sat there for 1 hour for them to bring me back into another waiting room for another 45 minutes for the tech to tell me that the doctor GAVE THEM THE WRONG ORDER!. They needed a vaginal ultrasound ordered, and my doctor gave them an abdominal ultrasound, and it would take FOREVER to get the doctor's office on the phone to get the correct one. I haven't called the doctor back to reschedule because I am afraid of what my reaction will be.
I waited in the lobby for about 45 minutes before going to see Dr Shafer.  He was a complete jerk from the minute he walked in the room.  I already knew my problem was tendonitis of my shoulder caused by lifting my 9 month old daughter.  He repeatedly told me I need to change the things Im doing at home that are causing the pain.  I explained I cannot change that I have no help with my daughter and can't change the fact that I need to lift her all day every day.  He gave me a steroid injection and told me it will work in 2-3 weeks.  I asked for pain medication to get me through until then and he firmly replied "absolutely NOT" before I had even finished my sentence.  I told him I need some relief because I can't care for my daughter in this much pain.  He said "there are too many side effects in pain medications."  Well I've been an ER nurse for the last 15 years and I think I know the side effects.  If the medication is taken properly there shouldn't be side effects.  This is NO REASON to leave me so miserable in pain.  I just delivered a baby 9 mos ago and only took Ibuprofen after.  I am hurting and he didn't give a crap.  He abruptly left the room and left me bawling.  I had to go to urgent care later that day to get a prescription.   I work in the ER and people come in all day needing pain relief.  As long as a person doesn't have repeated visits we NEVER decline a patient pain relief.  This BRIAN SHAFER guy has no compassion and should not be a health care provider.   For the record I have never complained on Yelp.  I was so insulted and disgusted by this jerk I thought I should share my experience
My pain doc referred me here for PT this time and I'm glad he did.  They have put me on machines I've never been on and this is about my 4th round of PT for the same reasons.   So I am already on a positive note going in this time.  The staff are all friendly and make you feel comfortable about whatever they are working on you for.  There were a couple a very small children in there as well, and I was in awe at the patients and gentleness the staff had with them.  I'm glad my doctor switch me over to Edwin.
I've been seeing Dr Campbell and Eric for well over a year at the Buffalo office.  I can't say enough good things about this office.  From the front staff to the back staff, to the doctors.   I don't think I've ever waited over 15 min. to get in and that is pushing it.  They take my feelings into considerations as well as what needs to be done.  I came there from a office that was too busy and had a hard time getting things approved through my insurance.  They were able to get things done and what a difference it makes.   I ask, and if it's the right thing and should be done they make it happen if they can.  And I also try and do what I have to do as well.   Dr. Campbell did change his office staff once and it only made the quality of his office to so much better.  I can honestly say if he does something like that it's to improve the quality care for his patients.  He wants the best for his patients.  Thanks for the well care Dr. Campbell, Eric and office staff
This office is HORRIBLE I will NEVER go back here again and Diane in the front office and so rude. She was acting like a real you know what I don't know if her day was bad but that has nothing to do with the patience coming into the office. All they are worried about is making it to lunch on time. Never again!
when i first came to Jackson Physical Therapy i was really stiff and sore and was bloated, they worked on my shoulders first then my back then my knees,  i had Physical Therapy for 5 months and i feel great, they really loosened up my limbs and i lost a little weight and got my strength back in all my limbs, Brandon, the staff and the physical therapist really cared about my needs and made me feel so valuable and treated me like family i really miss them and can't wait to go back again sometime this year since my insurance only covers 1 part of my body a year., i would highly recommend them to any and everybody who needs good physical   therapy and friendly and loving staff. they really work with you to get you back in shape. Thank you again Jackson Physical Therapy for being the best of the best, i will see you all soon. Love Lawana H.
This is office with a great doctor nd staff.   Always helpful and never wait months to see them.    I have a migraine and they are seeing me the same day.   Thank you for being our family doctor!
Dr. K is an amazing doctor and I love coming to the office to get treated!  The girls are always smiling and welcome, do an outstanding job, and care about their patients!  Thanks CRC!
Find everything you need in this office, from chiropractic to physical therapy to massage and pain management!
Dr. Trinka and Dr. Kristen are phenomenal chiropractors and are extremely attentive, knowledgeable and friendly.  Sara, the office manager, is incredibly attentive as well and such a pleasure to see.  All of the assistants, front desk workers and massage therapists are knowledgeable, friendly, helpful and kind!  I love visiting Goodyear Chiropractic!
I visited Dr. Ben Palmer 2 months after a shoulder injury. I had been doing stretching and taking lots of ibuprofen with no improvement. After 3 visits with Ben, I am feeling almost 100 percent. So grateful I went. I highly recommend his services!
I've been seeing Dr. Patchen for over three years.  When I sought a quality doctor, I wanted one who considered not just traditional medicine but alternative treatments.  I am one who avoids medications and aims to be as natural as possible.  I regularly get a well exam and yearly routine bloodwork done.  Dr. Patchen is an excellent listener, always asks questions, and listens to my questions and thoughts about my health.  His office staff, nurses, billing specialist and those who've communicated timely about results of my bloodwork have always been extremely caring and responsive, often within 24 hours. Dr. Patchen has respected my views, has often suggested a variety of health options for me, but he is always friendly and kind and remembers my philosophy and individual wishes.  I find this rare now when physicians see so many patients quickly and must deal with so much paperwork.  Two years ago, I had bloodwork done that showed I had leukopenia.  Dr. Patchen referred me quickly to two specialists who were able to figure out that I was extremely anemic.  We solved the problem before I was thousands of dollars out of pocket.  Recently, I was rear-ended and my car was totaled.  Dr. Patchen saw me the same day and was willing to work with my busy schedule and see me through the past three months of recovery.  He trusted my own opinion of what I thought was best yet he still gave his professional opinion.  His staff made it possible for me to just focus on my treatment and not worry about all the logistics.    I highly recommend Dr. Patchen to anyone seeking a respectful and attentive, knowledgeable and kind general practitioner.
Parking is convenient, but I won't go back. I went for a regular check up, to establish a relationship with a family doctor and to learn about a new skin condition I have developed in addition to how my body is changing in my 30's. I'm new to Arizona and am not accustomed to paying prior to the exam. Perhaps that's normal, but I was shocked. The exam was $75 for me without using insurance. I am not complaining about the price. I do think it's odd to pay before the exam.  I didn't have to wait long to see the doctor, which was nice, but he didn't spend much time with me. He diagnosed my skin condition but was very brief in describing it to me. I understand he is a PCP and does not specialize in skin problems. That is why I asked for a referral. He told me a place he recommends but did not write me a referral. I had issues making an appointment at the said place because I didn't have a referral from my doctor. I called back to the office 3 times during business hours, left messages and never spoke with anyone. In addition to being left high and dry I was left with a script I didn't need. The doctor insisted in me purchasing a cream that does not help nor do I need it.   I think the body changes a lot when you grow into your 30's, and I don't feel like I got the attention I deserved.   I have decided to spend the extra money to see a naturopathic doctor who cares about my history and future wellness enough to follow up with his patients and see that they get the help they need and are not paying extra without receiving the benefits of the medical care.   I imagine I helped the doc and medical center meet their quota, but I am still left clueless about my health. I do not recommend.
First time ever; Doctor no-show for me.  I made an appointment with Dr. Harold Meyerowitz for an FAA flight physical about 2 weeks before the appointment date (Monday, October 2, 2017) to coincide with a road trip return home.  The family and I drove a couple hours out of our way to make it to the appointment.  When I walked through the doors, about thirty minutes early, the receptionist informed me that the doctor had inexplicably left for the day.  The explanation that she provided was that I was "his last appointment for the afternoon."  As though it is a custom of his to desert before his last afternoon appointment.  Perhaps this is a Dr. Meyerowitz tradition? I was definitely pretty angry to hear that news.  But, I have waited 2 weeks to cool off before submitting an angry review.  Turns out, even two weeks later, I still find it completely rude to skip out on an appointment leaving a receptionist behind to try to explain away your laziness and cowardice.  Avoid at all costs.  I'll encourage all fellow military aviation peers in my community to do the same.  Absolutely awful professionalism.
Dr Jenson is an amazing chiropractor! When I was in a car accident he took amazing care of me. Now my family visits him ! Stop by and see him for a visit!
Just have to give praise to the pelvic physio gods at Proactive Pelvic Health Centre! For the first time in a year since giving birth I can enjoy sexy-time again! After 6 weeks of pelvic physio I have ZERO pain. Sorry if its TMI but someone reading this is probably suffering and I hope my experience might help someone regain confidence and pleasure.
Celia helped me with my post-pregnancy woes! back pain and diastasis. She is very honest and warm. She is knowledgeable and caring. Very happy.
I was referred to Dr. Ortega and was bummed they do not take my insurance and was going to have to pay out of pocket, but I am so glad I spent the money! She is AMAZING...by far the best Dr. I have ever been to.....ever!!   Thank you Dr. Ortega for taking the time to help me and showing that you genuinely care.
If I could give this rating 0 stars I WOULD. AWFUL. To start, my very first visit I was told to sit in a room and watch a video. I didn't think it was the worst thing since it was probably about how the spine works and what not. WRONG. I was forced to sit and watch a video about how much "everyone" recommends and loves Dr. Steven. This should have been my first clue, RUN. However, I was in pretty bad shape and needed attention. I hurt my back exercising and it never recovered. Anyways, Dr. Steven told me that my spine was out of line and it was curved too much towards the bottom creating spaces in my disc's which caused discomfort. He proceeded to tell me I would need treatment 4 times a week for 8-10 weeks. ARE YOU KIDDING ME. I thought no way. So I decided that I would see him twice a week. Granted an adjustment will make a lot of people feel better and it did for a week or so but it didn't really fix the problem. I would go in for my $50 appointment and he would adjust by back and that was it. $50 for all of 3 minutes. He told me on my fist day he had exercises I could do and he never once said anything about that. I even asked him about doing a reevaluation but I had to wait 8 weeks for that.  I then started to think this guy wasn't doing anything for me and I contacted another doctor. I had Dr. Steven sent an X-Ray report to my new doctor..... My new doctor asked me if I had read the report and I said no. I then read the report and guess what... THERE WAS NOTHING WRONG WITH MY BACK AND IT WAS NOT OUT OF LINE. This doctor is unethical and an embarrassment to doctors all over. IT makes me sick he charged me all that money for having nothing wrong with me. Since then, I saw a new doctor that I only had to see for a week and a half and the pain in gone. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY!!!! THIS DOCTOR IS A JOKE AND THIS FACILITY SHOULD BE SHUT DOWN.
Revive Physical Therapy is all around fantastic! I was referred by a friend because I wasn't happy with Spooner PT; and though Spooner helped me with other injuries - After several months of treatment at Spooner for pain shooting down my leg into my quad that often resulted in my leg buckling without warning - I didn't feel I was making progress.  At Revive PT upon my initial evaluation with Dr. Saeed Monterrey, he not only got to the root-cause of my issue, but he asked me if I was having pain in the upper middle part of my back-which I had been-but I hadn't told him about! After 1 month with Dr. Monterrey my pain is 99% gone. And, I've only gone once a week.  Dr. Monterrey has allowed me to start enjoying physical activities I had not been able to do for a while. Moreover, Dr. Dayna Monterrey was a lifesaver as well.  I have had horrible intestinal and gastric pains most of my life.  I had learned I had food histamine intolerance and had had skin tests for food allergies, but I was more conflicted and suffering because it seemed I couldn't eat ANYTHING without having stomach and intestinal pain. I was literally afraid to eat.  Dr. Dayna Monterrey listened and ordered a blood test for food intolerances.  Turned out the majority of foods the skin test (taken at AZ Asthma and Allergies) said I could eat were the main culprits as reported by the blood test.  I have seen dramatic results in my midsection as far as inflammation being reduced...and I'm much happier now because I know what gives me intestinal discomfort versus guessing.  Moreover, the company that does the labs has nutritionists available as part of the very reasonable fee NOT extra, but as part of a service that for me was $350.  I have spent thousands of dollars trying to alleviate my stomach discomfort.  Dr. Dayna Monterrey listened to me, and she recommended what I needed - AND because she recognized I was knowledgeable about what was going on with me, but simply needed the final component of truly honing in on what foods were hurting me...because I was a PT patient of Dr. Saeed Monterrey- she did not charge me for her recommendation.  Hence, overall the Drs. Monterrey are extremely professional, knowledgeable, and fair.  I am moving out of State and I am sad to go because they are truly a rare find!
Dr. Petrick and his staff at the Las Vegas Pain Relief Center are amazing.  I hurt my back and was in a lot of pain from taking care of my mother before she passed and along with Dr. Robey and Ay San, Dr. Petrick helped me feel better and got me back on my feet in a few visits.  What makes them even more special is that besides being so skilled and talented at what they do they express care and genuine concern for all of their patients.  In fact, they are currently one of five nominees in the Chiropractic category of this year's Silver State Awards XIX - Health & Fitness, which will hold its Awards Ceremony on June 10th at the South Point Hotel and Casino.  Also, in case you re closer to Summerlin The Center has another office located at 4015 S El Capitan Way in Las Vegas.
This place is horrible.  They mistreated me and my family.  They billed our insurance and then tried to collect the balance billing.  There was not a settlement from a third party payor, however, they still tried to make us pay more than 6,000.00.  Alfonso is very scarcastic, and obnoxious.  He also would not allow us to return or treatment because he said we owed balance billing.  I beleive that this is against the law.  Maybe a complaint to the Attorney Generals office, department of insurance Channel 3 is in order.  Stay far far away from STI.  They are bad news, especially their administration side.  They have already received their contracted amount from Blue Cross Blue Shield.  These people are vultures...
It was after normal business hours on a weekday, and I needed somewhere to take my 4 year old to confirm my suspicions about him having strep throat. Normally, we go to he's pediatrician but his suffering couldn't wait until tomorrow. I used the yelp app, and sought out this urgent care based on the reviews and the incentive that said if I "checked in" I would receive a voucher for an "in-house prescription". Done. So I buckled up the kids and drove over, checked in and the nurse practitioner confirmed that he would need antibiotics to fight off his bacterial infection. She asked if I wanted to have them fill his prescription there. Sure! That's convenient! I even told her that I had this voucher from yelp, and she said I could show it when I checked out to redeem it. On the track to a five star review so far....  Then... I get to the check out desk and show my voucher, and the girl tells me that because I had been to their urgent care before (once 3 years ago) I was not eligible for the voucher. She was firm on this and didn't bother to get a manager, or show any concern at all. It wasn't as if I had already used this voucher and I was trying to double dip or abuse the system. I felt like I was doing them a favor by checking in, promoting their business and was prepared to write an outstanding review after my appointment but then they blindside me with this awful ending. And for that reason, I will make a point to never return to this dishonest urgent care. They lure you in, and then don't follow through with offers they extend through the very app that consumers use to rate them! Unreal that when it came down to it, customer service is NOT their top priority.
Awesome doctor! Reasonable price, staff is friendly and he process Is very fast. Very much recommended!
Yo, same thing with referrals. Different need for a visit. This time I've got Yelp to advise fellow patients.  If you're coming, best come with a hard copy of your referral. Faxed referrals seem to zip into this mysterious vapor cloud. In other words, the fax machine is like Cookie Monster. It gets hungry and likes to eat things. The front desk will not be happy with you. You will not be happy.  Having learned from my hip issue (yes, I'm falling apart), I clearly explained that my referral was being faxed over at the time I made my appointment. Whomever I spoke with acknowledged this. I stressed I was not in a position to drive and pick up my referral. (Right foot is out of commission.) The front office said this was no issue and they would call to follow-up if the fax had not been received.  Today I arrived for my 11am appointment flustered. (Late, my ride side swiped a car. Not my fault! However, I did ring the office to let them know I was running a tad late.) Upon signing in I was informed - wait for it - that my referral had not been received.  Fine.  I inquired if any follow-up had been made.  No.  I recapped yesterday's convo. (Yes, I had this conversation yesterday with the front desk over the phone. The replay went over like a mind eraser drinks had been given out with coffee that morning.)   *crickets*  On my way out I asked for my account number, so that I could access my information online. The front desk wrote down a number on a post-it and said, "Enter this number on the web site."  The website? There's only one website on the interwebs? I blinked a few times and patient-ly (see what I did there?) asked for the web url. She was going to write it down for me. Then realized she could simplify the process by writing the account number on the form.  That being said, my visit with Sean was great. He understands the reason for my visits and I'm happy to be working towards my goals. The intake process was thorough and the exercises were clearly explained.   I'm sorry to have written such a negative review. However, this was a similar experience to my first visit. Except this time I controlled my voice. And did not let the irritated expressions of the front desk get to me. Going to see a medical professional should not be this ... challenging.
Dr. Dominic is amazing. His practice is holistic and takes into account more than just adjustments. Flexibility and strength are highlighted as being integral components of successful treatment. One strikingly different ideology Dr. Dominic has is that he only treats individuals who are going to improve. He is not here to indefinitely bill your insurance.  I was quite frankly shocked at how adept his adjustments were. After only a few visits I can feel a significant difference.  Hands down: Awesome.  Alright, so that was a very professional sounding review. What I should have written is that Dr. Dom is the bomb diggity.   I go to see Dr. D for an entirely different reason than when I met him. I came to him with an unfortunate list of "BLEH". Everything hurt. Sitting. Sleeping. Standing. Walking. I was a mess (post car accident - damn drivers in New York!)   A few months later I was discharged. I never thought that was possible when I walked in. Honestly. I was seriously thinking old age would great me with a walker before 45. (Not a good look for someone single. Aaanyway.)  I was able to join a gym and regain my mobility in life. (I've dropped a little over 50 lbs since late Oct. '12) I am not the same person I was when I met him. I see him for adjustments from the vigorous workouts I maintain in the gym. I'm a gym buff. Not very good, but I go to the gym.   The thing about Dr. D is that I don't have to tell him what is off anymore. Unless something is shrieking in pain (which, admittedly, would be bad), I lay down. He pokes the fingers of god around my back, hips, and neck. This dude (sorry, doctor d, I call you this sometimes) KNOWS WHAT'S GOING ON.  Don't be nervous, he will be able to safely adjust your neck. Give him your trust and you will be a happier person.  Fair Warnings: 1) He will know if you've had drunk sleep (and can fix that) 2) He has a very well defined sense of smell (and can name the scent of a lotion - putting any boyfriend to shame)  Also, and damn him, he's just a nice guy.
This place is horrible!  If you come here get ready to be treated like an animal, wait a long time and hash out $10-20 just for parking. I will never come back here.   Here's my story:  They allow appointments but you still have to wait an hour if you show up for the appointment. If you walk in they see people with appointments before you. They are completely inconsistent and just make random decisions on whom they want to see first.  I called around 10 am one day and the receptionist told me the current waiting time is 20 minutes. I said I would come immediately but she insisted I come at 1 and that she will make an appointment for me. She said the doctor will see me at 1. I got there at 12.55 but they gave me an extra hour waiting time!   All I needed was to review a chest x-ray for a suspected pneumonia. The receptionist said they received the report but no doctor will see it for another 3-5 days and they will call me. Pneumonia is no laughing matter but they didn't care. I had to push them to let me come in to review the results in person with the doctor. I ended up paying $25 in parking alone.
ehhhhhhh I mean nothing was wrong with Sumit's per say it.... just.... wasnt.... my thing? Kinda weird to be honest.   I wouldnt call it "yoga", I'd say its more like "moving around in a hot room-doing the occasional downward dog-listening to the Black Eyed Peas-then saying namaste at the end" time. huh. so yeah not quite "yoga"  ugh like I want to say something nice about this place but I can't really think of anything. OOoooo they sell nice headbands in front- so theres something.   I guess I just prefer more traditional yoga over this, whatever this is....
After reading all the reviews, I went in with very high expectations.  I must say, entering the place I was having second thoughts. It looked a bit dodgy,no reception area,just a small room with chairs that leads to the actual massage room on whose door there was a sign "Session in progress,please do not enter". Not sure if the pictures on here are from a previous location.  Regardless, my doubts quickly disappeared.The session began with health overview(all kinds of questions on general health,sleeping patterns,work,sports,etc) and posture evaluation.   The massage itself was very different from a typical massage you would get at a spa or somewhere else.A lot more involved if I must say.I was feeling a lot of pain during the massage. However, the moment I walked out I felt like I was flying. All my back pain disappeared.  Faz also gave me some tips and exercises I can do at home to improve my posture.  Overall, GREAT and I would definitely go back.
My first experience here was positive. I had an appointment and still had to wait quite a while, and they closed the clinic just after 1 which was pretty early, but once I was in the nurse was exceptionally sweet and put me at ease. The doctor was gruff but thorough, and ordered me several tests within the building that I was able to do on the next business day (I was in on a Saturday).   I was called for a follow up, and told I had an appointment at 9 the following day. When I got there, the receptionist said I had no appointment and was pretty disorganized, but they got me in quickly regardless. Again, another nurse was sweet, but the doctor I'd seen originally was on vacation so I was given Dr. Fajar. He seemed pretty unclear what was up and asked me a lot of questions about why I was there, which like, I don't know? I was told I had a follow up but had had three different tests so I wasn't sure which one it was for.   Anyway, he was fairly thorough, and told me he was accepting patients/gave me his card. Then he told me he was pro-life and against birth control. Um, sorry? This is Toronto in 2017, and I am not about to support a man deciding what women are going to do w their bodies. Lol. I'm queer and AFAB, so I declined the offer because it made me feel super unsettled and unsafe. So the clinic isn't the worst, but I feel like this particular doctor was a really negative experience that's coloured my perception of this clinic a bit.
I'm confused, bc the photos here are NOT of the place I was at, but the address is the same?! Anywayyyy.   I've been having some health issues and have been to numerous walk ins numerous times over the past few weeks, and it hasn't been much fun. I was so relieved to find this place, wow. For one, you can walk straight out of the Rexall down a ramp into the clinic and there's even a drop off window for the pharmacy IN the clinic proper. That's cool. The seating is fairly limited, but there was no overflow while I was there.   The receptionist was p rude to me, but I'm not at a clinic to see a receptionist. I waited maybe 7 minutes and was called in! V exciting. The doctor was a young woman who, despite me just being there for a b12 shot, was incredibly informative, took her time, and made me really comfortable. She even reviewed some of my other health conditions, expressed concern, and offered to take me on as a patient. Yay!!  The clinic is also impeccably clean and wheelchair accessible. Really liked this place. Only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because I've tried to call the clinic to set up an intake with the doctor and no one will answer the phone. :(
I like going here, but am aggravated by my most recent visit. These guys refused to give me my lab results over the phone and forced me to come in for an appt. just to tell me everything was fine. So it cost my 95 bucks, as I'm on a high deductible health plan, just to be told you're fine. I figured if they were making me come in it was serious. Instead I left feeling fiscally violated.
I don't blame the people here, I blame the administration of the VA itself.   If you're not a veteran, then nothing in this review will really matter to you. If you are a veteran, you already know.  While I have injuries, they are relatively minor. I truly feel for the men and women who require constant care and have nowhere else to get it than from the VA.
I've never written an unfavorable review but I just had to 'do the right thing' and inform other people about the less than stellar experience I had with Dr. Wolff and his staff. The day of my appt, I waited way too long and when asked how much longer it would be, they were discourteous.  I questioned one of the forms to which they didn't take a liking to.  The ofc was dirty and very very cold.  There was a place for comment cards which was full so God knows the last time someone checked that box.  AND there wasn't any comment cards to complete.  Dr. Wolff spent all of 15 minutes with me mostly for him to tell me how great he was and to suggest PRP.  He just as quickly told me that it was not covered by insurance and would cost me $700.  A day after I left, I called and after not getting a call back, decided to stop in.  I mentioned that I felt I should have an ultrasound or 'something' to confirm a diagnosis.  How could anyone know what it was without some type of followup diagnostic?  After not hearing back for 3 days, I called and was told that an ultrasound could be scheduled. Did you ask the doctor? I said. She didn't really say yes so I got the feeling that she just decided to request it without 'bothering him'.  On 11/16 I called to schedule the ultrasound after not hearing back from the medical assistant and again I called on the 18th. Both times I was told that I would get a call back to schedule.  Today is the 23rd and I have not heard back. I have since moved on to a terrific Dr. Monica Torres who took the time to review my history and to recc an MRI to see what is actually going on in my quad. I can't give a diagnosis or recc a course of treatment without finding out what is going on Dr.Torres said.  Gee, sounds prudent to me. Don't go to Dr Wolff, he's arrogant and not thorough at all. How did such a doctor get a BestDoc rating? Never should have happened.
I assist one of dr Chens patients and handle appts, referrals,  prescription, etc  I have found the staff wonderfully helpful. Enough so I suggested my sister in law choose this a primary care physician. And would never want to give cause to complain  : }
I've been at appointments for only a short time but I already feel better and can stand with better posture. Thank you Dr. Cuttita and office staff for being so polite and helpful!
Good lucking booking an appointment last minute. I've been in tremendous pain this entire weekend and I called to book an appointment today due to urgent care telling me to follow up with my doctor. All I got was a lousy "this location is booked today but has appointments available tomorrow". Doctors I've had in the past always managed to squeeze me in when I was ill with something a primary care physician could take care of. Will not be coming back.
It's ok not as crowded as lvac but I don't like that sweat smell. You would think they would use some type of air freshener
I ruptured my Achilles' tendon and after surgery my doctor recommended the Keith Kleven Institute for my physical therapy. The staff is GREAT! Stephanie and Jared are great. I was hesitant to go to physical therapy because of the cost. I had been doing exercises on my own, but once I started going here the difference was incredible! I feel so much better, and my swelling is almost non-existent. They are the only pt place in Nevada with a pool treadmill, which is a great way to mix up your therapy.  I started PT about 5 months post op and I wish I had started sooner. Don't let the cost scare you off. The Keith Kleven institute has me well on the way to a speedier recovery!
This was the worst experience I've ever had! First, I fill out the paperwork online. When I arrive early for my appointment, the receptionist says it doesn't matter, I have to fill out the paperwork again. Then, I wait for over an hour. Did they care? Negative. While I wait, I notice the place looks like a zoo of ambulance chasers! After over an hour of waiting, I couldn't take it anymore. I had to leave. The unprofessional, lackadaisical, and uncaring attitude by reception reviews to me this was NOT a place I wanted be! If I could give a minus star rating, I would. This place is deplorable!
I have seen chiropractors most of my life. Dr. Paige is one of a kind. He focuses on the total health of his patients. In addition, he is informative and caring.  I have emailed him when I have been in pain and responds back with helpful advice. Once I referred a friend in pain to him on a Sunday. I gave my friend Dr. Paige's email address, and Dr. Paige responded back with advice the same day. My friend saw him the following day and Dr. Paige worked his magic.
This summer and fall I hiked 1300 miles of the Appalachian trail over 110 days.  Dr. Hamilton kindly provided me with multiple tinctures and ointments that were highly useful for my journey.  At the start of my journey I was in pain often as I adjusted to the rigors of carrying my life on my back while climbing mountains. In particular my back really hurt. The De-pain formula was wonderful at controlling my pain.  It was the only pain reliever that I used. I took it in the evenings and when I woke the next morning my pain was greatly lessened. The wound salve was also wonderful. For two nights in a row my back had a puffy sore area from my pack rubbing it.  The first night I did not treat it and the swelling did not go down. On night 2 it was still irritated and swollen so I applied the salve. The next morning the swelling was gone, and it was definitely from using the salve.  I would absolutely recommend Dr. Hamilton and his remedies!!
If you don't mind be treated for 3 minutes by the Physical Therapist and being charge for services I did not have rendered then this is the place to go. I have left this provider thinking wow this is what PT is all about. WRONG. I found the best PT around. He spends time with you I am not just a number but a patient with pain. He has spent many hours on me and I feel better than I have in years. He is not in it for a quick buck but to actually help patients.   Seriously do not go to this chain PT provider.
HORRIBLE!  I got a work injury and my company recommended me to go to ConCentra the wait was so long it took three hours to see me which I understood because I was walk in so for my next visit I schedule a appointment it still took them 2 hours to see me even with an appointment! After waiting for an hour I walked up to the counter and I'm explaining to the receptionist a Hispanic girl with red hair that I had a appointment and why would it take so long to see me with an appointment she then turns to a different receptionist lady hands her my paperwork and says can you deal with this I don't time for this! While I'm  standing extremely rude!! The other receptionist explains to me why is it taking so long and then she told me she gave my paperwork to the doctor it won't be that much longer! I will never use them again!!!!
Fantastic primary care office! I've been a patient for the past three years and they have been great at always getting me in when I've needed to be seen. The hours are very convenient, and most of the time they can schedule you for a same day appointment. A huge perk is the fact that they do in office lab draws by Sonora Quest and have an in office X-ray machine, so most of the time you can skip urgent care trips and just go to them which is usually a lot cheaper!
I have been seeing Ryan for my nerves related neck and shoulder pain. I saw a few other professionals for this issue but pain always came back. Ryan is the only physiotherapist who focuses on a long-term treatment and relief from the pain as a permanent thing. He is very patient and thorough in his treatment and ready to answer any questions I have. The clinic space is very clean and hygienic. Highly recommend Ryan's services for physiotherapy.
Klasse Mediziner, der auch noch auf die Menschen eingeht, sich an einen erinnern kann und bei dem man nicht um eine Rezept betteln muss. Er nimmt sich Zeit! Da geht man auch mal gern zum Arzt!
I have known John for 13 years,  he has treated my wrist , shoulder and both knees.  Everything from a broken wrist to knee replacement . I found out though the years that he treats the person not just the injured joint that he is treating . John is a caring person and i would recommend him to anyone who wants quality care .. Lou Ann Shannon
Following shoulder surgery the first part of  February 2013, I began Physical Therapy at Foothills Sports Medicine at 8725 S Kyrene Rd. Tempe, AZ 85284, (Formally Performance Physical Therapy), prior to their current location at 325 W. Elliott Rd. Tempe, the second week of March, 2013.  All therapy personnel, Carlos, Kacie, Crystal and Daniel went above and beyond to attend to my recovery.  They treated me like family as if they were my personal trainers.  Actually, come to think of it I think they were.  I have nothing but high regard for their professional demeanor during this extremely difficult time for me.  They all pushed me, and pushed me to the limit.  It has all paid off !  My Doctor advises that I was recovering at a faster rate than expected.  All of that is due to the attention that I have had and continued to receive from everyone at the facility.  Thank you one and all !!  Bill
Following shoulder surgery the first part of  February 2013, I began Physical Therapy at Foothills Sports Medicine on Kyrene Rd., Tempe (Formally Performance Physical Therapy), the second week of March, 2013.  All therapy personnel, Carlos, Kacie, Crystal and Daniel have gone above and beyond to attend to my recovery.  They have treated me like family and as if they are my personal trainers.  I have nothing but high regards for their professional demeanor during this extremely difficult time for me.  They all have pushed me, and pushed me to the limit.  It has all paid off !  My Doctor advises that I am recovering at a faster rate than expected.  All of that is due to the attention that I have had and continue to receive from everyone at the facility.  Thank you one and all !!   Bill
sent me to collections for 600$ for not continuing with my membership. if you sign for a year you're pretty much stuck with it..only ever went 5 times
In 2009 I blew out my ACL playing football and also tore my meniscus and cracked my kneecap in the process. It was a horrible injury. I basically had to learn how to walk again. Rich was my PT and he was excellent. Experienced, funny, and knowledgeable. At times, physical therapy was extremely frustrating. I darn near passed out on the table one day when Rich was stretching out me knee. But the end result was worth it. Thanks to Rich, a year after my surgery I was able to run camelback mountain in 27 minutes and throw up 900 lbs for 8 reps on the leg press. Additionally, Rich fought with my insurance company to get me maximum benefit. Above and beyond with a great end result. Thanks Rich!
I was forced to switch insurance companies recently and I had to select a new primary care doctor. Dr. Perez was recommended to me by a friend and I'm so glad I chose him as my new primary physician. As corny as it might sound, I feel like Dr. Perez is my friend. You can tell he cares about his patients. He is a great listener. He is very thorough. He is also very efficient. The online portal makes things very easy and his staff is on top of their game. Dr. Perez is as good of a doctor as you will find. If you are looking for a primary doc in the Phoenix area, he's your guy!
Went to see this doctor today and glad I chose him out of so many doctors in Yelp. This was due mostly to other Yelp reviews. The practice is very clean and the reception n nurse are very nice and friendly. Had a little wait but not their fault...had to wait for insurance to approve change of primary care physician. Dr. Sharma is a very nice and thoughtful doctor. He took the time to discuss my visit n to explain everything that was at issue...very sincere and patient...the office was a little busy but did not have to wait long like at other practices where the appointments are always overbooked. Will bring my kids here but knock on wood. lol. A really good find and thanks to earlier reviews by other Yelpers.
This office is a nightmare. Nobody knows what they're doing, from the schedulers to the physicians assistants. They don't keep appointments, they consistently make basic clerical errors when scheduling appointments,  they always run more than 40 minutes behind even if you're the first appointment in the morning, the PAs get edgy when you ask questions, and the staff are unkind.
OK, it was 2:00am on Sunday morning and my wife went into labour.  We made it to the hospital after driving 10km's an hour in a snow storm and as soon as we got there they immediately ushered us into a room and provided medical attention to my wife.  Everyone there was so friendly, helpful and more importantly, patient and spoke in "plain English" that we could not believe that we were in a hospital.  Anyone that has ever waited 5 yrs in emergency will know where I am coming from. If anyone out there is wondering where to have a child, I strongly suggest this hospital, everyone there is great, friendly and most of all make the labour experience as pleasant as possible. PS -  For all the women out there, I thought I had a high pain threshold....Good God NO! It doesn't come even close to what you experience during labour.
The doctor is great but who ever answers the phones is not Professional and very much rude. Even when going in the lady up front acts as if she hates life. Finding a new doctor just due to having to deal with this every time!!
I cannot speak for all the therapists at 360PT but I worked with several; Mark was my primary.  When I started going I was in a wheelchair, short distances on crutches, in an external fixator (lower left leg), and allowed to walk in a pool, chest deep.   I started with the aquatherapy and took my first crutchless steps in months in the pool.  The aquatherapists were incredibly supportive when I tried, increased my exercises when I felt strong and were understanding when I became frustrated. I became approved to use crutches more often and Mark helped me to do that on dry land.  He 'walked' me through first using one crutch then using none. Mark never treated me like a child or worked 'down' to me: when I needed to ease it back he did and when I could do more he helped me work more.  He treated me with great respect. After PT I was sore.  During Mark's torturous manipulations of my foot (the muscles had beef jerkied while my foot was locked in that terrible fixator) I was in pain.  He never said he was proud of me or really vocally encouraging in any way.  He showed me, by smiling and laughing  when I surprised myself at my progress on the easier exercises, how far I had come and in many ways Mr. Miyagi-ed me into walking and allowing me to see and experience my own progress.  Mark was the best kind of coach for me, although the 'massages' were definitely painful. There may be a better PT but this one, and Mark, helped me walk again.    *side note: the referral bonus for referring my brother went to my brother! C'mon, 360PT.
My son began going to A Brighter Avenue for speech services a couple of months ago after having regular weekly meetings with the counselor at school for the past 7 months and seeing no improvement. The staff was very friendly and tried very hard to work with my insurance company on possibly covering the charges. Chase, the therapist, provided me a very thorough initial analysis and his recommended treatment. Each week, after each appointment, he provides me a recap of what was worked on and accomplished and I've noticed all the other therapists here do the same with the other parents. The front desk staff is friendly and accommodating as well. In just over two months, I've noticed significant improvement in my sons stuttering and am excited to see continued results. Great place with great staff!
We walked in on Saturday at 4:00 and filled out the paperwork as new patients. There were 2 other patients in the waiting room and they were called as we filled out our paperwork. We waited less than 30 minutes before called back. The staff was courteous and friendly as well.      We waited for the doctor for another 20 minutes and after he took a look, let us know that some stitches were needed for the small laceration on the hip. We were stitched, cleaned up, and out of the office in 1.5 hours.      The nursing staff was friendly and even came out to check on us as we were leaving. Overall extremely satisfied.
I would not let my worst enemy go to this shady place of business.  They first told my daughter she had thyroid cancer, then it wasn't thyroid cancer it was lymphoma.  Gave her a name to a surgeon told her to have her thyroid removed and sent her on her way.  We didn't take their advice we went to Cancer Treatment Centers of America.  Turns out my daughter doesn't have either type of cancer.  If you could sue for false diagnosis, unneeded stress and mental anguish this HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE institution has inflicted on our family I would in a minute!!!!!
Amazing experience! The staff are so friendly and supervised by dentists. The students really care and make it so easy to be there. It is a lot more inexpensive, and you get great care I would recommend it to everyone. The facility is clean well organized and run very efficiently.
Are you looking for relief from headaches, backache, arthritis or just about ANY type of pain, then Grant Chiropractic is the place to be!!!  Dr. Dan and Company, offer a multitude of services such as Physical Therapy, massages, stretch exercises, Cervical Traction and so much more!  The whole staff is professional and friendly, always ready to help.  I LOVE this place!!!  I highly recommend it!
This is certainly the most patient centered facility I have ever seen.  I always felt like my well being was very important to every staff member. I would recommend them to anyone seeking physical rehab or therapy.
I started at the Henderson location with Dr. K and had a good experience with his x-ray tech and residents. See my review there - 5 stars!   My MRI tech at this Warm Springs location was personable and made me feel comfortable. Happy to answer my questions on the day of.  I felt like I was taken care of throughout my injury, however, in the follow-up appointments, I didn't feel like the doctor spent too much time with me. Granted, I was making positive progress, but I feel like I had one last "follow up" that was unnecessary. I would have preferred at my appointment prior to that, for Dr. K to say, "If anything worries you in the coming weeks, give us a call, but if you stay on this regimen you'll be fine."   It was even suggested I come in for one more follow up but I declined because I had a feeling I wouldn't need it.  This was at the Warm Springs office, which is always busy, so I can understand they want to keep everyone moving.
Dr Bonin is the best!   He is very knowledgable, caring, and he listens to his patients. I have been under his care for 2 years.  Most recently I had horrible pain down my left side: neck, back and even my arm. Also bad headaches. After going to Dr Bonin for an adjustment, the pain was gone within hours. The office also uses amazing technology to easily see areas of concern and chart your progress. Schedule a consultation with Total Lifestyle Chiropractic today....you won't be disappointed!
We've been there 4 times and will continue to return. The staff are friendly, professional and the massages we've had with Azeez, Gabriella and Chernelle were great. The jacuzzi is something I look forward to after a long, stressful week and we've also stayed in the suites which beat a lot of other hotels.
I'm honestly surprised this place hasn't gotten more negative reviews. 90% of the time I'm waiting 30-45 minutes to see the doctor. The ladies up front have NO clue what they're doing. I like doctor Silver very much but the way this place is ran is driving me crazy.
I've been a patient here for 3 years plus.  Dr. Davis is wonderful, very gentle and knowledgeable.  Jobelle my hygienist is wonderful.  She has helped make my gums and teeth healthy again.  I trust both of them very much, and recommend them to anyone looking for professionals with a caring touch.
I started going to Apexx back in the beginning of 2016 after I had recurring pain in my left shoulder blade from a minor car accident. Prior to that, I had been seeing a chiropractor that I wasn't happy with and a physiotherapist who barely even touched my back on my first visit. A work colleague recommended Apexx Injury Clinic and I can honestly say it was the best thing i could have done!   The massage therapists Lucy and Jane were the best I'd ever experienced in the city and treatments helped so much that after Dec 2016, we decided I didn't need any more therapy. Thank you to Dr Kong and the friendly staff at Apexx for helping to heal my back and shoulder blade. I highly recommend this clinic to anyone who is looking for physiotherapy and treatment!
I have been doing Pilates the past few months and love it! Trish and Brenda are great instructors and have passion for what they do. The studio is beautiful and relaxing to work out in. I highly recommend Pilates Element!
Dr Luca has given me a lot of peace of mind with his intensive blood work which has helped me detect and treat thyroid and hormone issues. In his care he takes his time with me and answers every question I ask as well as explains the benefits of the treatment and supplements. I have recommended him to many friends and will continue to do so
I had two hours of deep tissue with Melissa yesterday.  She is FANTASTIC!   It's so hard to find a massage therapist that does good, deep, thorough work.  She did a fabulous job and will have a regular customer out of me!
Dr Cohen is a good doctor however you almost never get to see her.  Whenever I do get an appointment, she is consistently running at least an hour late.  The other nurse practitioners are novice providers at best, and will prescribe antibiotics for just about everything.  The office staff is rude.  To top it all off, they charge $25 to obtain MY OWN medical records.  Awful experience.  Also the office is located within a terrible neighborhood.  After posting this review I received a call from Dr Cohen's office every day until I blocked their number.  Craziness.
My mother was a patient here for about 2 weeks. The nursing staff/PA  must of been "D" Students because they didn't ever have an answer for any question you asked.  I don't think any of the nurses gave a report to the next shift of nurses about their current patients - no one had any idea of what medications my mother was given and never knew if she had any tests done or any therapy. They couldnt tell me if there was any change good or bad.  The only people at this facility that did ANY WORK  were the CNA'S (aids) they worked very hard, they were thoughtful, efficient, kind and did ALL the work - unlike the nurses who were on there cell phones (texting, games, etc.) at the nurses station and RUDE when you approached them to ask for something because they were too busy to answer call light.  In case your wondering I was there 8 to 10 hours everyday.  It took me several days to get to see the Doctor in charge, I asked several times, the only  reason I got to see him was because  I caught him by accident.  I asked the Doctor about different tests he was giving my mother and I asked him if she was failing and he was very abrupt and put me off, treating me like I was over reacting - my mother died 3 weeks later - I brought her home with Hospice.  The bottom line is if you need skilled nursing care run the other way!!!  Doctor, PA, Nurses very very poor, they should be ashamed.
I have been going to Dr. Tsai for 7 years. I always recommend him to friends and family looking for a new doctor. He is amazing. He listens to you; never rushes you out of his office. I love his staff, his personality and his office is CLEAN, always. I go to him for everything. I am a student and because I have been going to him for so long he always helps me out. If I ever need to come in right away due to being ill, his staff always gets me in that same day. I do not think I have ever been turned away when I am very sick and need antibiotics, etc. I have always been happy with who he has referred me to when I needed outside care. I highly recommend Dr. Tsai. He is located on Jones in a small shopping center too, so you do not have to deal with crazy parking or hospital madness. LOVE MY DOCTOR!!!!
My wife was in about three weeks ago, maybe four, with my daughter she forgot that our little one does not tolerate a specific medication well.  When I returned later in the day I was told they would not change the medicine, then called me saying they would change.  Too late I was already at another urgent care getting the proper medicine.  This should have been an easy switch
Checked in to Tempe St Luke's October 23, 2017 for hip replacement surgery, preop care was efficient and caring. Surgery by Dr. Sumko was excellent. The after surgery care was fantastic, very caring and quick response especially from Mary, Amanda (RN) Virginia (CNA) Chelsea (RN) and Bobbi (PT)
I've been a motocross racer since I was 14. I started seeing Dr. Turley when I was 19 and have been back in every time I need an adjustment since, I am currently 32. One of my friends referred me to Kevin since we put our body's through such a hard pace racing and the only reason I went to Dr. Turley  was because the man works on all kinds of athletes and football players. Who better right! I can't imagine where I would be without a guy that knows how to get me back to good as fast as he does.
Wanted unnecessary blood work (EVERY MONTH!), why when I'm taking ZERO medication as they trying to "fix" the problem through herbal supplements 5 appointments and 4 months later nothing different...SCAM!!  Went to another doctor and I was back to normal after my 2nd visit!  Not to mention after my insurance paid what was allowed, I was billed the remainder!  I would not recommend to anyone!
Chuy is my boy ! I work next door and wasn't feeling to good , so I payed him a visit . I had clients coming and he got me in , checked me out and out I go . Quality , timely service
go the extra distance to avoid this place.  My husband and 5yr old sat in the lobby for over 45mins, and were the only people there.  Finally I called, asked if they were busy, of course she replied no. After firmly informing her how ludicrous it was for them to be waiting that long, were they FINALLY seen within 5mins. Seriously! I've been in and out of Diginity Health's ER in less time than that, absolute bullshit! I'm a very understanding person, this is more than one person being lazy. It's multiple people not caring! This is the closest location to my house, never again will we waste our time and money.
I would not recommend this company because of their misrepresentation, or what is commonly referred to as a lie. I was told that I could avoid a total replacement, by using their cartilage regenerative approach; namely stem cells. I paid for the procedure only to find out, after no followups, and going to an orthopedic doctor, that I had no cartilage in the first place. I paid for a service that I did not get, now I have to go the total knee replacement route. You can do business with Arrowhead, but you can't say that you weren't told about this company.
I came to visit their back office, which is the medical side of things, not chiropractic and it was just a joke. They are very unprofessional in every way. It too them three weeks to get back to me for a follow up app even though there was nothing to follow up on. Their billing practices are beyond sketchy as well they just say we'll call you, fat chance. No wonder their appointments are weird open. Steer clear, unless you want a doctor shining an iPhone light at you as a means to a medical light.
Switched over to Saguaro Family Practice and both experiences with Dr. Dwivedi have been the worst experiences of my life. I had gone in for an MRI and blacked out and had to go to the emergency room. They told me to go to my primary care doctor so I went to see Dr. Dwivedi for my first time just to let her know what happened so that she could document it and maybe suggest why I blacked out, etc. She didn't care at all. She told me to just go back to the MRI place to get the test finished (obviously). She said it was just a weird thing and she didn't know why it happened, even though I mentioned to her that I black out often.   Now I just went back today for something completely unrelated... needed a referral for a dermatologist. She accused me of lying, saying that they have no records that I talked to her about the MRI or blacking out. She said I never had my results sent over, even though I did. And all of a sudden it's a huuuuuuge deal that I black out often, when she didn't care at all before. She refused to give me the referral for the dermatologist and told me if I wanted it, I would have to come back in 4 weeks after seeing a neurologist and cardiologist. If I wanted the dermatologist referral in 4 weeks, I would have come in 4 weeks.  This place absolutely thrives off the number of times you come in. They will make you come back for every little thing so that you have to keep paying, and in the end tell you that they don't know what is wrong with you and there's nothing they can do. SAVE YOUR TIME AND MONEY AND GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.   PS... she said that she was "not at all concerned about me or my safety" and was only worried about me blacking out because I might hurt someone else if I black out while driving... even though I told her that I only black out after standing for a long time, never after sitting.
Went here for an earache, called prior and was told there was no wait.  Arrived about 5:30 pm on a Thursday and only 1 other person in waiting area which was clean, very nice furniture with a huge flat screen.  Waited no more than 10 minutes before being called to examination room.  The staff and Dr. Johnson were great especially the nurse who cleaned the wax out of my ears.  I have insurance so no co-pay.  I was out of there in an hour.  I don't have a general practicioner so I will definitely come here again if I get sick
I'm literally sitting in the doc office waiting to be seen and all I can hear is the loud obscene profanity filled cackling by the docs staff...completely unprofessional!
Dr Richard Lieber is a great Dr. I feel very confident having him as my primary Dr. He explains everything to you in plain simple words.I also want to thank one of  Dr Lieber's nurses. His name is Don Pineda Jr. He went out of his way to help me with several questions I had about my medication's.He would call me back whenever I called, or E mailed with more information.
DO NOT GO HERE!!!   They Mis-Diagnosed me saying that it was a fungus instead of Shingles.   EVEN WHEN I TOLD THEM I JUST HAD SHINGLES 6 MONTHS AGO AND THAT IS WHAT IT FEELS LIKE!   So I spent $70 on a cream i didn't need.   Came back 3 days later with FULL BLOWN shingles and they promised me to not charge me for the first appt.   Low and behold.    THEY BILLED ME FOR BOTH APPOINTMENTS   30 min phone call later they are investigating.
In a pinch I had to go back here.  It's still got low stars bc of my previous experience but the plus is the staff is great.  I still didn't really like the Dr.  He was fine with the simple things but when I asked him about something more complex he just brushed it off with a "Well we'll have to keep an eye on it".  He didn't even check out what I was telling him about.  The on site pharmacy is a save but I think they charge $15 on everything.  So one prescription I had was 9 pills and I essentially paid $1.50 per pill.  Overpriced much?!  Better than last visit though for sure.     ..... Just don't go there.  I went in because my toddler had been bit by something and had a weird scaly hardened area that had fang marks and was weeping.  It was so gross and so sad and was progressively getting worse.  It was late at night and bothering her so I decided to take her in.  The thing is that I called FIRST which is part of my annoyance.  I specifically asked if they knew anything about spider bites and was told yes.  So I went in.  The nurse was ok but swore like a sailor which only bothered me bc my toddler was in the room.  The Dr. was a joke.  He walked in and just started talking, no hello or anything.  After checking her leg and not asking me even one question he started writing out a couple prescriptions and told me I could pick them up there (I felt like he was just trying to sell prescriptions).  Right before he was going to walk out of the room I interrupted him (bc he literally hadn't stopped speaking for one second) and asked him WHAT it was, and if he thought it was a spider bite.  He said "I don't know what it is.  I don't care what it is.  All I care about is what it looks like.  It doesn't matter what it is".  My mouth dropped.  I was like "I think it matters!".  Anyway so he ended up sending me home with two Staph infection Rx.  A few days later after zero improvement on her leg I took her to my regular pediatrician who was so upset by my story she wanted me to call and get the Dr. in trouble which I thought was surprising.  She told me it WAS a bite, and gave me a different Rx for an allergic reaction which did the trick.  My daughter now has a scar from the bite which I wonder if would be there at all if it wasn't for that Dr's negligence and lack of knowledge.
Worse Doctors office in the world...  Each time we go in there office your your greeted by rude staff, more interested in talking personal things about what they did the night before vs talking care of there customers.   We have never seen a Doctor in all the times we have gone.  This practice uses PA and nursing students.   This way Dr Doug and his Father the make more money paying less in employee salary!   You cant go in to this office with out be being high pressured to have extra testing done like blood work, cancer screening etc, again to add to more billable claims.  We went in to have paper work signed and the refused, until we made an appointment, pressured us again for blood work etc..  They are scamming insurance company's left and right!  Do yourself and family a favor and find another practice...
I understand the front office issues but I have to say it's epidemic at Drs offices.  Patients are the customers,so I expect dignity especially when in pain!  I personally have been treated alright.  I've had a few injections and a couple of radio frequency ablation (rfa).  I was treated fine by them and their surgical center at Mountain View in Gilbert.  They are the only ones I've found that treat GI issues.    I do not find them to be a pill factory.  I think every Dr in the USA is trying to get people off narcotics.  It's all over the news and all chat rooms for people with chronic health pain.  They gave me pain medications for my procedures and are very strict about getting medications from hospital, etc. I called them from ER regarding pancreatitis and after a bit of confusion it was deemed ok to take the meds as I'm only seeing them and receiving meds for my procedure.  I don't want to be on pain meds. I want to get to a quality of life!  I like Drs Pico and Daultry.   My major personal issue is the urine test is over $1000 this is crazy. My insurance says they won't pay it, so still working on that.  They've got to find a better lesser expensive test or lab to use that's not insanely priced.   This is why I took off a star
Very sad... we had attended WFP before they went Boutique... then we left.  They tend to overbill in my opinion not checking if insurance will cover nor accepted negotiated rates.  Anytime I see 6-8 people at reception desk... it indicates a billing factory to me!  My daughter was never properly diagnosed and eventually ended up at Mayo Clinic who diagnosed a heart condition, cyclical vomiting, etc. Also, they did not diagnose a condition and after 2 procedures with plastic surgeon and then the only specialist in AZ for the condition, she had procedure to fix the issue.  The "instructions" given border on malpractice and made the condition so much worse.  I've found most practices that have their own labs, surgical centers,  and x-rays, etc tend to "feel" like it's about the money not me.  I recently gave them another chance and they wouldn't bill my insurance and were more interested in selling me their supplements.   I've noticed that a lot of dr's are selling supplements now my gyno, urologist, and dentist do as well as selling botox :(
Updating since they just kept giving daughter antibiotics instead of actually treating her, her autonomic nervous system is shot.  Please read warnings about Cipro that have been released in last couple of years. Sadly her condition will never improve. If only we knew in 2014-15 visits what we know now
I've tried to reach my doctor or her medical assistant for two days. Every time I try to get a hold of someone I get transferred to a voicemail. Earlier this week they sent my prescription to two different places after I called them multiple time to alert them that that would happen. They are no help with follow ups and are impossible to speak with over the phone.
Dr. O'Clair is fabulous.  She is smart, caring, and very knowledgable.  I feel well cared for and listened to, which is very rare to find I feel today.  Plus they have in house lab, X-ray, OMT doc, and much more.  Not to mention the organized, friendly and helpful staff... Worth the admin fee every day of the week!
Went to this doctor in July he did not tell me my liver test results told me my blood test levels were a bit high but healthy not to worry. Holy shit was he wrong my levels are high not fine going to take my results to a real doctor that cares. In my opinion this doctor is not knowledgeable nor fully trained in the medical field he does not care about his patients or give them time that they deserve also why send a letter that i dont understand when i want a doctor to look at the results tell me whats wrong how to fix it and answer my question just a bullshit money machine company
I went to CAS Chiropractic after I was involved in a car accident because my PCP recommended Dr. Mike and more importantly he was covered by my health insurance. I was happy with the treatment I received and I did make significant progress towards recovery. The reason I quit this office is because of their billing practices.  As the auto accident was my fault, I was responsible for my medical bills. I had a med-pay policy of $2000 that was used to cover my initial visits. After the med-pay was exhausted, my regular health insurance was to cover my costs. I made this very clear from the beginning. A week or two into my treatments, I was approached by one of the ladies in the office to discuss payments. We discussed how the med pay policy was exhausted and she asked me if they could bill my insurance as out of network despite them being an in-network provider on my insurance. I was given the verbal assurance that if they billed my insurance as out of pocket, they would not charge me anything.  Fast forward several months and I was approached by the office staff and told that my insurance was not covering everything they were billing and that their physical therapist was not contracted with my insurance policy. This, of course, months after I had been getting treatments I thought were in-network or at least covered by their sketchy billing practices.  Because of this, they said that they needed to start making more money and asked me to start paying a co-pay for services. This puzzled me a little since my insurance costs for chiropractic care and physical therapy are 10% co-insurance which would have been a little less than the copay they asked for. So I called my insurance company to check. One thing led to another and then I found out that not only did they double bill my auto insurance and health insurance for the same visits, they also billed most of my normal visits as seeing Christine Castrichini an out of network provider.   My insurance recommended I find another provider, so I have.
Can't rave enough about the care you receive here.  The doctors and staff are amazing.  Cory always can get me well adjusted then Nate works on stretching my problem areas better then any pressure point massage ever. We wish they were closer, they are worth the drive from Ahwatukee.
The actual procedure was just alright but the billing department is the worst. They gave bad codes to the diagnostics lab and instead of getting free lab work done i was charged $250. On calling them they made me run around here and there and everytime i called some new person gave me excuses to which lab test was supposed to be covered under my insurance. They cannot tell me which lab work is covered under which code. total lack of respect for the customer. I had clearly told them i want to get the preventive test done which is covered 100% by my insurance, if they still went ahead and got tests which are not covered, why am i liable for it. Avoid this place at any cost. Clearly the worst case of customer service i have ever seen. Im not being biased, i have called 10 times and still nowhere close to being resolved.
4 stars for my first visit.  I'm sure my rating will change to 5 as I keep going here.  The staff is friendly, and the wait wasn't long at all probably no more than 5 minutes.  The waiting room had a TV playing a kid-friendly movie on repeat, and decent amount of seating, though I'm hoping they'll upgrade from small plastic chairs to ones with cushions.  I was pretty reluctant to sit on the couch, as the term "fomite" from another review rung in my head.  (Seriously, look that up, and tell me that doesn't make you think of every chair or couch in any waiting area).  My appointment time was at 5pm, and I had used ZocDoc to get all of my new patient paperwork in.  They'll still ask you questions when you get in as a new patient, but it didn't bother me; I'd rather be asked again and feel that they're genuinely concerned about my health.  I was seen by Dr. Baoan Andy Le that day.  Excellent mannerism, seemed to really care that I wasn't feeling well, and actually pointed out something I hadn't even considered was a health problem.  Luckily, it was something that could also be tested for during a lab I needed to get.  The clinic is a little far from where I live, but I'd go far for a doctor that I felt comfortable being seen by.  My only complaint would be... the bathroom!  The switch is for the lights and fan, and that thing is Super Loud!  Don't let that put you off from going here, though.
I am very impressed with not only the level of care but also customer service that I received throughout the process.  I only went here because I couldn't wait for 2 more weeks to see my primary care for medication refill. Even though I wasn't there for being sick or hurt, everyone treated me with exceptional care. Listening to my problem and proposing solutions. Joe the nurse who greeted me and took my vitals was extremely pleasant and knowledgable. Dr. Amato was very kind and professional and took the time to explain options and how each option would help. The receptionist at the front desk was very patient and always smiling to greet the new people.    Best thing I did was schedule an appointment via their wahoo service. Check in took only 5 minutes. The wahoo (wait at home or office) option was great. The phone calls to confirm my information and to schedule my appointment were very prompt.   The facility was very clean and presentable.
Dr. Hansen & staff are very friendly & knowledgeable. He will answer all questions & will give you useful information. He takes his time with each one of his patients! I highly recommend him!
Excellent service, really nice staff interested in getting you as pain free as possible!
the doctors are nice, but the receptionists act like they dont give a shit or care what your ailment is. I stood alone in line for 3-4 minutes, while they were talking amongst themselves about their personal lives before talking to me.
If I could give no stars I would. I came in for an issue and was met with judgment and criticism. I do not recommend anyone going to this place.
They have done a horrible jib of caring for my mother.  The nursing staff is less than responsive making her wait for medication much longer than necessary.  Also the Dr is a joke.   Doesn't even stop by to see new patient (when he got back from vacation) even after being told that I was waiting with my mother to see him.  They do have a nice newer clean facility and a good restaurant .
I went to Concentra after a work injury on my lower back. I got there at 10 am and signed in. I waited for 3 1/2 hours just to get called back for blood pressure, temp, etc. I waited another hour in the "waiting area" in the back and then waited another 1/2 hour waiting for the doctor. Needless to say, after 5 hours my patience was gone. I went to the check out desk and told them I was leaving and that waiting 5 hours to see the doctor was unacceptable.
This office has had a complete turnaround. "Quality, Compassionate care" is their slogan, and they mean it!  I hear they've made some changes recently. There's a new Practice Administrator, and he's laser focused on customer service. Walking in you'll be greeted by smiling faces. The Providers listen to your concerns, and the medical assistants make a visit to the Doctor enjoyable.  Thumbs up!!
I am SO happy I found these folks they are amazing!! If you have 2017 Ambetter HMO they are part of your plan! I went for a wellness check and they set me up with every test I needed and their follow-up is spot on! Also, any script I have needed is sent to my pharmacy so fast and before I know it the pharmacy is calling me to come pick up. Wait time is very reasonable. Everyone is very nice and take their time listening, yes I said they LISTEN! Hard to find!
I just took my special needs child to see Dr tran. We forgot his id and they refused to see him. My wife called earlier in the day to check what we needed to bring and they never mentioned an Id since he just turned 18. The staff was no help, it was obvious that they wanted to go home instead providing a little customer service. Our appointment was at 5pm.  Not even I'm sorry there's nothing we can do without his id, just no id he can't see the Dr.
Heads Up donot even try to buy any medical or healthcare supplies from Active Forever as I just had a bad experience trying to buy a wooden cane from them and this total incompetent dishonest rip off outfit tried to double bill my Master Card Account for TWO Canes not just the one I actually ordered. And,which I found out out when I checked by Debit Card Transaction Record that their salesperson named "Rockie" had tried to scam me for two canes instead of one and when I called them about it a so-called Supervisor lied and tried to deny their doing it. Go elsewhere for all your health and medical supplies so you donot get ripped off by Active Forever.
Outside of check-ups, I've only gone to visit a doctor 5 times in my life. Other doctors, in my experience, get to the point accurately after you describe your issue. EVERY visit with him, he makes a complete misdiagnosis, which is not a surprise at all because he rudely interrupts me with a fancy diagnosis before I even describe what I find is wrong with me. I understand that all doctors are busy, but his diagnosis never made any lick of sense. I attended the University of Washington School of Medicine for a while, so I have a general understanding of biological processes and anatomy. Not only did he not care about actually diagnosing me, but the lack of diagnosis caused my problems to grow even worse to the point where I am now permanently impaired.   My advice: do not trust this guy. To current patients, if he is telling you that you are perfectly fine, or what he says contradicts what you feel, trust your instinct. Just go to a different doctor, because it may severely damage your health.
I have been taking my daughter here since she was 1.5 now she's 3.5 so over 2 years. I now bring my son here!! We see Dr. Santos and he's been awesome! Very personable and honest. The best part about this clinic is that it's open 7 days a week!!! I hate that people always seem to get sick on friday at 6pm after every doctor office closes!! Well kids are not different. They open at 7am and thats usually when the sick hours are so if your little one wakes up in the middle of the night stay up till 6:45am and mosey on over. I've done this twice so far with not a single issue!  Most of the front desk ladies are nice. There is one that made me feel like it was a HUGE deal to add my 2nd insurance but I added it for my son at a previous visit and the other lady was happy to help. If you have something come up and you're doctor is off you will be scheduled with a different doctor. We've seen Dr. T and Dr. Naiman both of them have helped immensely. My sister even comes here now. Her son see's Dr. T because he doesn't seem to like older men lol. This place is easy and when it comes to kids it's nice for SOMETHING to go easy sometimes!
Do not go to this facility. The staff does shady things when you pay, and please don't pay in cash. Receipts are shady. Follow up on issues at this place is suspect. Where is the zero star?
I can give them at least one star because the front office was friendly. Knowledge is key when working with injuries, and this place didn't have it.
I've been going to Cappt since November 2013! I went in for physical therapy after my first knee injury. Everyone who works there is super friendly! I never dread going to therapy because it's always a good time. I receive the help I need and I get some good laughs out of it! Brian is an excellent physical therapist who is extremely caring! He wants to see you improve and will do anything, including pushing you to your limits, to see you healthy again!  After rehabbing my knee I started working with the athletic sports performance trainer Chris! He is great! He helped in getting me back in shape for soccer along with pushing me to my limit! After I started working with Chris I have seen improvements on the field. I am faster, my agility has improved and my shot on goal is stronger. He gets to know you really well and looks at your strengths and weaknesses  and creates a personal plan for you!  Unfortunately I had a second knee injury and I wouldn't have chosen another place to do my rehab. I am currently still going through rehab and soon I look to start working with Chris again to get back in shape for College athletics.  I am extremely thankful for Center for Athletic Performance and Physical Therapy and their amazing staff for all they have done for me! They have been with me every step of the way!  If you are looking for a place for physical therapy/ a personal trainer with an exciting atmosphere this is definitely the place to be!
This place is great from the moment you step it you feel a sense of zen. I've only tried two RMTs there and both were great. It's obvious why they are so busy, they are SO GOOD.  (Full disclosure: I had to edit this review because of a typo and because I meant to give it 5 stars, instead of 4. Sorry, new to Yelp!)
I have used David for his on site therapy services and he was punctual, professional and extremely knowledgable about physical therapy. Would recommend.
Dr. ram is for phenomenal doctor taking care of my wife for number of years
People who giving good comments to this spa are relatives of the lady who runs it. Don't be fooled its a pathetic environment, the lady didn't tell me she will charge me for facial. She charged 135$ for nothing , she didn't even touch my face it give me a massage. I feel they are racist . Don't waste ur money ,there are much better spa than this.font be fooled by the knowledge the spa owner has , u can Google that stuff.
This is probably going to be my last visit here. EVERY time that I have come in this year, they ask me for my ID, insurance card and have me fill out forms to "update" my information, I'm the only one- mind you, in the entire waiting area that is doing this. WHY THE HECK DO I HAVE TO DO THIS EVERY TIME THAT I COME IN HERE-- that's what I asked the gal at the front. She went on to tell me that the last update on me was in Feb and maybe even though they looked at my cards, they didn't scan them. I disagreed with her. I watched them scan my items in August and the time before that and every time that I come in I fill in forms-- where on earth are these forms going once I hand them in?! I have so much personal information on these forms but they're not making it into their system!!   This girl (with the glasses) Kelley has no business being in the "front lines" as being in the front requires a PERSONALITY. I wasn't hostile, cursing at her or anything but I was quite irritated. As the customer or patient, I'm allowed to be upset and say so, but as someone in customer service, you're NOT supposed to roll your eyes like a child when someone you're serving is upset-- you try to find a solution.   This isn't my first encounter with this young lady, at one of my previous appointments she's been just as "delightful" (feel the sarcasm people!) as she was at this last appointment. To top it off, she tells me that the dr is running 1 hour behind. Holy shit, I wasn't in the mood to sit around and wait after all that just happened plus I had so many things to do. I checked to see if I could reschedule, yea, next available is Dec 24?!   So, I declined and said that I wasn't coming back. Which, really, I have no intention to return. I love Dr. Suarez but could care less for the front staff, Kelley in particular-- honestly she needs a lesson (or 10) on customer service. I will be taking my business else where.
Dr Lee is a perfectionist and loves what he does! He is the best there is and I would have NEVER done Botox before meeting him! He knows what is best and will not encourage anything that isn't beautiful and natural! I got carded ordering a glass of wine three times after my Botox and with pushing 30 this was a definitely exciting.  Thank you Dr Lee!
Thank you yelp for helping me find SEMI!  I was looking for a clinic that specialized in sports injuries and offered alternative therapies - not just surgery. The staff there are all very nice and professional.  My physiotherapist Tim is awesome!  He really knows his stuff, and he answers all of my questions patiently and thoroughly.  I'm very happy with my results so far.  Considering that I thought I'd need surgery, needless to say, I'm thrilled with my results so far. I would recommend SEMI to everyone!
Dr. Leitner seems quite tentative in issuing needed prescriptions.  Had a recurring infected leg that he refused to prescripe an antibiotic ...ended up in emergency room on a week-end to get nessecary treatment. Also the office staff seems somewhat disorganized as referrals and prescriptions seldom get completed on a timely or accurate manner.  Sure wish Dr. Asins was still there ....
Sorry, but DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME HERE!  I first went on Monday mid-afternoon. After seeing a full lobby I spoke with one of the gals at the front desk. (These are the people we rely on to give us accurate information about the establishment, right? ) I explained that I was in search of a new primary care doctor. I asked about the sign that said 'urgent care' and if my visit would be charged as 'urgent care' or as a primary care visit which was what I was in for. The woman's EXACT words were ' no matter the nature of the visit it is as a primary care visit'. I let her know I didn't have an appointment and asked if that was 'ok'. She said of course it was as she handed me paperwork to fill out. I briefly explained to her the nature of my visit.She reassured me that I would be seen and taken care of as they operate as both a primary care and as an urgent care. I filled out documents, paid my co-pay and patiently waited over 2 1/2 hours. I didn't mind as, I was after all a walk-in. As I was taken to the back the gal did the standard measurements (height, weight, reason for visit) I was VERY CLEAR as to my reason for my visit. She took notes and led me to my room to wait. Let me add, I ALSO called last week to inquire about them being my new primary care doctor as well. So total; I was mislead 3 times!!!  I HOPE you have read this far folks because THIS is where it gets good! Dr. Rago walked in and almost IMMEDIATELY asked me what I was there for and said, "I only treat urgent care patients so if your matter isn't urgent then I cannot see/treat you today."  !!!! WHAT??!?! I was baffled! I tried to maintain my composure as, I definitely wanted to cry not only over for why I was there but that I had NOW WASTED 3 HOURS of my day! I asked him why no one had explained that to me and let him know I was VERY clear when I arrived both that day and the day before when I made my inquiries. Are you ready for his answer folks? He said, "Well, its company policy and no matter how many times I try to explain this to the girls up front they just don't understand.... the few who ACTUALLY do understand I have spent quite an amount of time training but for the most part none of the girls up front get it..."  REALLY?!!?!? THIS IS YOUR ANSWER? I was furious! I am NEVER a mean or cruel person, especially to strangers. I would like to think I was STILL pretty nice to him given that his idiotic staff who evidently cannot understand his 'simple concept' as he made it sounds. I DO hold him accountable as well though, as he made it CLEAR this is A BIG PROBLEM AT THEIR FACILITY!  I immediately asked if I was going to be refunded my co-pay. He hesitated but said that yes and he would have to get the office manager; he asked me to WAIT again!! As nicely as I could, I asked how long as I have my 11-month old daughter at home being watched and I had already spent a sufficient amount of time there only to hear his answer of his staff not grasping his 'simple' concept.  I did not wait long for the office manager. Did she apologize? No! Did she empathize? Hell No! Did she say ONE WORD TO ME? NO! She escorted me upfront where the girl was to give me my refund which.... she was clueless that she was doing so! I asked her about my refund which prompted her to, I assume ask the manager, where she then returned, collected my card, printed a receipt and I was on my way. Did she apologize? NO.  DO NOT GO HERE! Sure, if you need an Urgent Care however, I can think of SEVERAL Urgent Cares which are more deserving of your time and money. Come on Folks! IF the DOCTOR (managing doctor) is aware that this is a COMMON problem / issue; wouldn't you say it's time to close the doors and drill it into their little heads? How dare they take up half of my day to turn me away and take 7-10 days to refund what I so quickly paid based off of their words.  OH I did forget.... THE BEST PART... from the Doctors mouth, 'my P.A's can only do so much and they will NOT be able to help you with what it is your describing you need' WOW! I will go ahead and share one portion of my reason for visit. I have been struggling with  severe depression and nausea from nerves (nerves probably from anxiety) (so his PA's can't handle nausea??) . Let me ALSO explain my primary care doctor of 9+ years was ALWAYS able to assist with this and work to find a resolve ! I have not needed a thing for anxiety/depression in MANY years (not a 'drug seeker' ) as I have learned to meditate though, circumstances prevail! I MISS MY OLD PRIMARY CARE DOC! MOST doctors/P.A.s can get you on the way to finding the right anti-depressant ...SO IN SHORT (LOL) DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY HERE! THEY ARE UNEDUCATED, SMALL MINDED AND EVIDENTLY LIMITED IN THEIR ABILITY TO PRACTICE MEDICINE! LET'S NOT FORGET THEY DON'T EVEN APOLOGIZE FOR MISLEADING AND WASTING YOUR TIME. MENTAL HEALTH IS JUST AS IMPORTANT!
Best back place ever. Very rounded. Not just chiropractic. Physical therapy, therapeutic massage and much, much more.
I called to make an appointment for the groupon I purchased. The receptionist on the phone was rude and short and I didn't even want to come in because of that. When I got there the receptionist at the front desk would barely give me the time of day. My massage was great though. Other than that I felt uncomfortable the whole time. I have another appointment scheduled but I'm going to cancel just because I don't like the way I was treated the first time I was there. I'm a receptionist and I strive to make every client feel comfortable when they're there in front of me or on the phone, so I found their attitudes towards me to be extremely unprofessional.
Always 5 Star  Been going here since I moved here in 2002 No need to go to that horrid chain Massage Envy I would highly recommend going to see Fabiola--she is the best and has really helped me with my travel stress and fatigue over past 10 yrs.  The staff overall is sooooo very nice and professional. The atmosphere is inviting and total "zen". Aside from prior comments about noise level from East Blvd, that's a minimal. Five mins into your massage those sounds dissipate and all you hear is the soothing music and feel your muscles relax.  Please give this place a try, you won't regret it.  ~MJ
Ive been going here for 6 months or so for myself and daughter. There are a few ok doctors and a few with typical god complex attitudes.  There's usually a very long wait.  the receptionists aren't friendly and the place is not overly clean. I wouldn't recommend this place.
Had such a great experience for my first mammogram every. Valerie did my mammogram and was so informative and friendly and Kristy did my ultrasound and made me feel very comfortable during the exam. Couldn't ask for a better experience. Thank you
I wasn't sure if I'd like Pilates on the reformer so I purchased a 5 class package. After my third class, I can definitely say I'm hooked. My second class w Luanne and my third class w May were both phenomenal. They spend so much time with you on an individual basis and address all your concerns. In fact Luanne pointed out something in my posture that explained all the hip, knee problems I have had for years. She gave me exercises/stretches to do at home to help correct my posture. It's different than any other work out (and I do them all: hot yoga, spin, boot camp, run, barre). It's a deeper strength and already I can feel a difference in my spine. Less strain and pain (when I didn't even know I had any. I just figured it was normal to feel that way). Thanks Function Egoscue!! Looking forward to continuing on my journey to getting even healthier, lean muscle, correct posture and less hip/knee pain.
First, I want to say that this review is only about Dr. Goldansky, not necessarily Arizona Primary Care Physicians whom he is affiliated with. I made an appt with Dr Goldansky for a physical. I arrived a few minutes early for my appt, and was told that Dr Goldansky was running a few minutes late. After approx 90 minutes of waiting (obviously not just a few minutes) I was getting ready to leave because I had a meeting needed to get to. That was when I was called back and put in an exam room to wait for the doctor. After a few minutes, Dr Goldansky came in, and I told him that unfortunately, since it had been approx 90 minutes from my appt's scheduled time, I had to leave to get to a meeting. Dr Goldansky asked why I had come in, I explained for a physical, he asked if there was anything else bothering me, and I casually mentioned that I got heartburn sometimes when eating spicy foods. He wrote me a prescription, which i never filled, and suggested to me that the next time I needed to make an appt, I should make it for 8:00 and then there would be no risk of the wait time.   Then, a couple of months later, I receive a bill in the mail for the visit. Dr Goldansky had billed me $150 for the visit. I found this odd, since I was in front of the doctor for approximately 3 minutes, and certainly didn't receive a physical. I called up their billing department to find out the details of the charges, since the purpose of my appt was a physical, and they told me that if I needed to dispute the charges, I needed to talk to Dr Goldansky himself. After a number of voice mails to his assistant, I did receive a call from Dr Goldansky. I refreshed his memory regarding the visit, and his response was that the charge was for an office visit, not a physical. Now, I am not in the medical field, but if I walked in to a place of business expecting one service, didn't receive it, was given something i didn't need/want (the heartburn prescription) and then later billed for that something, I would be confused. Dr Goldansky's response was, "why would you think my time (the office visit) isn't valuable?" Dr Goldansky, why is my 90 minutes of waiting not valuable? Why is it ok to charge someone for something they didn't need after they didn't get what they wanted in the first place? Since I still need to get a physical, Dr Goldansky had the opportunity to keep a patient by realizing the bogus charge, but opted for another approach. I paid the money, and left him this review.   I would highly discourage anyone from visiting Dr Goldansky in the future.
I never leave reviews like this but I feel like it's necessary. I'm a middle aged black female. I came to Pueblo because I had a lot of scary things happening to me medically. These certain health issues had been going on for quite some time. I walked into the office to speak with the front desk to see if these concerns I was having would be something they could maybe help me with. I just wanted to make sure I was going to the right facility. The front desk called the manager for me and to my surprise she called me back to her office. She spent 30 minutes with me going over everything I was going through and ensuring me that they could help me. That, to me, was above and beyond. She did not have to do that. They could have told me to schedule an appointment and the physician could asses all that. I had never been seen there before so I was most definitely expecting that as an answer. Which was okay. I understand. That wasn't the answer I got though. I've already thanked her up and down for all she did for me but I'd like to put it on here as well. Kimberly Titus, thank you so much for taking the time to sit down and help me. Obviously the physician I saw was wonderful but I feel that I'm on the road to recovery now and have answers mostly because of Kimberly. Thank you again.
With a growing catalogue of minor aches and pains I finally reached out and asked friends to recommend a good masseur - and out of the long list I received, Mathew was the only one that came up twice. A quick skim through reviews proved that there were many satisfied customers,  so although he wasn't the cheapest option I made an appointment.   The massage room is warm and comfortable, as is the welcome. I described the problems I'd been having and he took copious notes, probing for more information, and discussing the possible causes in relation to musculature. After some experimental stretching to confirm his suspicions it was time to do some work.   Any massage is likely to cause at least some discomfort, and I was prepared for this. I'm told that he will adapt according to the client's preference - anything from a purely relaxing session up to full on remedial agony. The oil used is grapeseed, which is popular in massage as it's not too greasy and doesn't usually cause any allergic reactions. Once it's over there's the option of a shower, which is a nice touch for anyone who doesn't want to get their clothes oily.   I've been three times now, and at all times I've felt like a valued person rather than just a customer. He keeps track of any changes, altering the treatment appropriately, and clearly prioritises the client's comfort and/or recovery. I haven't miraculously 'recovered' but not only am I feeling steadily more flexible, I'm also far more conscious of when I'm doing things that will exacerbate problems which helps me not to make things worse. I'm definitely glad to have engaged Matthew's services.
Everyone at Chandler Physical Therapy makes you feel like you're the only person there.   Eric is amazing and works hard to get you back at your best. Jenna and Jason make sure you are doing all your exercises  right and then email you instructions so you can refer back and make sure you're doing them at home right. I love coming here even though I wish I wasn't injured.
Treated me like family for months !  I had a rough go after the loss of my wife .  According to them I said inappropriate things to the staff and other clients . My bad I lost my wife less tan 6 weeks ago . Sorry I wasn't an uptight gym rat and I said what I said .  They contacted me about my inappropriate behavior and told me I was no longer allowed there . Will mail you your refund. No one came to me an explained exactly what I did and I quote " were uncomfortable talking about it ."  Kicked out without even hearing any details .  What compassion ?  Good therapists there but that's it .  I won't name any names because they affected my integrity . Thanks for personally putting me into a deeper depression and having me contimplate a very bad life changing decision .   Rodney L Jankowski
The doctor was very good to me and treated me well. The staff is kind and there wasn't much of a wait. I plan to use them as my regular doctor from here on out. My favorite part was that there was not a long wait.
Dr. Bakti is amazing! After struggling with some medical issues for over 10 years and doctor after doctor telling me that there was nothing wrong with me, I went to Dr. Bakti. I assumed she could not help me with that particular issue - however I wanted to see a naturopathic doctor because I hate how most doctors are so quick to prescribe but dont really look at the whole person, just the symptom and they always seem to just go for a quick fix, not always what is best for the individual patient.  Dr. Bakti surpassed all my expectations. Not only is she easy to talk with and kind, but she really listens and looks at the whole person. She ordered some blood work and tested things no one had ever looked at before. With that information, she was able to find answers I had been looking for for 10 years! After just a few weeks of taking supplements she recommended as a response to some issues with my blood work, I feel like a different person!  Linda, her office assistant, always goes above and beyond and is so nice!   Make an appointment with Dr. Bakti if you are looking for someone who goes above and beyond, really and truly cares about and does what is best for her patients, and is willing to work with you to make every visit productive, comfortable and helpful.
I have been going to Fyzical for 3 months and I can't even begin to tell you how much better I feel.  I stand taller, have more determination when I walk. Cami, Justin and James are my team who have helped me in such a short period of time.  I can't thank them enough.  They keep me organized, watch my progress and always challenge me to do the best I can; it makes one want to do better for them, just because they care.  I am soooooo happy my doctor sent me there!
Brent has mastered the skills it takes to really make a client feel so much better! I am on a Dragon Boat competitive team here in Las Vegas and I was so tight that it hurt to sit, stand, and lay down. He pays special attention to the areas that are really bothering you in  such a professional way. His voice is relaxing when hes simply asks you to turn over it takes a minute or two for your brain to comprehend that he is talking to you and your job is to respond by turning over. Not every massage therapist has the skill to relax you with such a calming voice. I recommend that you try a massage a massage with Brent and pre-book your follow up massage before ever leaving the room!
Very busy place and usually a delayed time to see the doctor even if you have an appointment set.
My husband bought me a one house session for Valentines Day and now I am hooked. This place was fantastic, I had Janice as my therapist and she was incredible. This was the best massage I have ever had. She focused on my back because that is where most of my pain is focused and I felt so much better afterwards. She even showed me a few massages I could do myself while I was in the shower to help with the tension in my shoulders. I will be going back here for sure!
Boot camp Wednesday morning with Rene is INTENSE. She is motivating, personable, and works you hard to get the results we all want and love. Zumba Tuesday mornings with sira (probably spelt her name wrong) is awesome as well! Both of these instructors are motivating and fun to workout with.
Has to be the worst orthopedic clinic in the United States.  The staff is not helpful at all.  It started with having to schedule surgery.  You have to leave your name and number on a voicemail, then they finally called 2 weeks later.  The scheduling person took down all my info and then forgot to schedule me.  After another 2 weeks I called and left another msg when the scheduler called back, she said she went on vacation and another person was supposed to schedule it.  Had to wait over a month for surgery of a ruptured achillies tendon.  Finally had the surgery.  EVERY post-surgery visit to the doctor's office had a wait time of at least 45 minutes.  They move you from the waiting room, fairly quick, about 10 to 15 minutes; however, the wait in the exam room is horrible.  I had 2 post-surgery visits, first one I waited in the exam room for 45 minutes, the second visit one hour.  When you finally do see the doctor, you talk to him for about 5 minutes and he seems to want to cut the visit as short as possible.  They should let you stay in the waiting room, at least there, there is a TV and a few magazines.   Waiting in the exam room for any hour feels like 2 hours!  This is a money making FIRST clinic with little or no patient concern.  I will NEVER let any doctor from this clinic operate on me again.  I suggest you do your research and find another orthopedic clinic.    TOCA is very unorganized and unproffesional.
I would absolutely recommend MyoCare to anyone seeking a skilled and effective massage. I saw Nirankar for 30 minutes and she did wonders even in a short appointment. Great ongoing communication about what was happening, relaxing environment, and a massage that was intense in the most helpful way. I primarily went for jaw/TMJ pain and also lower back tension.
Dr. Ortiz is a great doctor and has a spectacular bedside manner.  He takes time to listen, knows medicine and is compassionate about your medical issues.
I started going to Warner Family when my NP had to shut down her private office because of it being too costly to keep open. When I was first notified that she was moving to a new office I called right away and scheduled my maintenance appointment so I could ensure that I could see her on time. I was on hold for over 30 minutes just to make an appointment. I was able to get in to see my NP and the appointment went fine. The medication I take can only be written for 1 month at a time. So they instructed me to call for a refill a week ahead of time. I found out that my insurance needed a prior authorization for the refill but gave me a suggestion for a generic equivalent while waiting for the authorization. I called and tried to explain my situation after another lengthy hold, but the girl seemed completely disinterested. She told me I would be given a call within 48 hours. Fast forward to today (over a month later) I have called at least 6 times and have always been told I would get a call back. I have been out of my medication for almost a month. I love my NP but I wonder if it is worth it. The icing on the cake was the mysterious $90.00 charge on my credit card that I have yet to be able to get a statement about. Save yourself the stress!
I understand that the waits can be long, but I promise you, I've been the one in the back room, crying from my first ever severe 14 day migraine and a recent ER visit. The reason the waits can get long is because she cares SO MUCH about her patients that she takes care of you THAT DAY. She spent at least 30 mins with me on top of what the medical assistants spent, and questioned every single symptom I had. I got started on migraine medications and I got better. It was a lifesaver.  I've now been seeing Sameera Sbaih AND NOW Ashley Smith since 2013 and I'm happy with my care. I've seen several doctors about conditions and symptoms that not ONE doctor could help me with until I found these two wonderful women. Early mornings are best if you're impatient.  But they will spend time with you, answer every question you have, and check you that day so you don't have to keep coming back so much. I'm so thankful I found this office. I'm never leaving.
This place is alright but nothing special, the facility is old and haggard, they are understaffed and they do not respond to the call lights.
Very nice location and great team of docs and staff! :) felt well treated here and it's a clean clinic as well
Very friendly and I did not have to wait long. I like the in house pharmacy. I would definitely recommend to anyone
Dr. Grant and his team are awesome!! I've been a patient for over 5 years and couldn't be happier. They are always sure to treat all your problem areas and offer the best massages. The physical therapists are superb and always have different exercises to treat you. You couldn't ask for a friendlier team. They do EVERYTHING!!  Definitely give them a call so you can start to feel better sooner rather than later.
The staff at the Generations Program are awesome. My mother received very good care while she was under their care. The staff ead always available to answer our questions.
Awesome place very professional very timely which is so important any other practices should take lessons from his Practice
I was very skeptical about seeing a chiropractor, but after hurting my back I was willing to give it a shot. I'm glad I did! Dr. Rob and his staff are top notch professionals. He took x-rays of my back, showed me where the pain was coming from, and recommended an excellent treatment plan. Results vary, but I started feeling relief within the first few sessions! The treatment center was spotless, fresh paint on the walks, and you can tell they care about their patients as well as their facility. They even worked with me on the payments. If you are in pain I highly recommend stopping in and seeing what they can do for you.
First I want to say the actual physical massage was great - 4 stars there!!   However....  I went here on a Groupon for a 60-minute deep tissue massage. The hours here are quite strict and do not include weekends! This makes calling and obtaining an appointment difficult. I finally requested an appointment online and a friendly receptionist called me back a few days later. Subsequent calls on the day of my appointment to see if I could move it up earlier and again for directions were answered promptly and in a friendly manner.   Even though I called about being seen early I was actually seen....you guessed it! Late! I would have rather been told 'no I couldn't be seen early' than be told to come early and then not even be seen at my initial appointment time!! The receptionist even left talking on her mobile while I will still waiting.   The office is inside the main building of Lutheran Hospital. Go in the main doors. Right. Find the elevator in the far right corner. Go to floor "1". Find suite 1000 - A+ for signage to the suite. They have a one person (not spotlessly clean) bathroom in their office but have no keys to the restroom down the hall.   The office was old: carpeting, waiting room chairs, etc...  The quality of the massage was great, however it was done in a room with two overhead florescent lights so not very peaceful. And the breath of the lady working on me was a mixture of smoke/mint gum. Gross. And when it was time to lie face down the face cradle was covered in several crinkly and rough bathroom paper towels instead of a soft maybe even warmed towel.   All in all I won't be back - I can get just as good a massage elsewhere plus a good environment.
I scheduled a Swedish massage for this morning.  I am glad that the houses were painted orange; it helped in locating them.  The receptionist was professional and friendly.  The waiting room was comfortable, with music in the background.  My massage therapist was quiet (thank goodness) and gave the firm touch that I had requested.  The price was right, and the service was great.  It was everything that I had wanted.  Will definitely return for more, and I will treat special people in my life to massage gift cards!
If you need rehab, this is a great place to go... friendly staff that know what they are doing.  They helped me get full movement back after hand surgery and now I'm going to see them for another injury.  They work with all kinds of athletes and injuries... There is always a lot going on in the building, but they manage to treat all of their clients in a timely  manner and have great customer service!
Oh my gosh I was so worried about changing our Dr because our insurance changed. I can tell you aftere going to Dr Kody Smith we didn't miss a beat.  The office staff is good and not to long wait times. Note though dr Smith takes his time explaining things to his patience. He's a very good Dr.  Have to put a shout out ot Cloe in the office too! She's just awesome  she is so helpful! So if you have any doubts about trying this office don't. I just love them and don't plan on going anywhere!
I highly recommend this practice! I was in a car accident and had neck and back pain.  I was so pleased with how quickly I felt better. Dr. Giel's gentle, effective approach has me on the road to recovery! The entire staff is friendly, accommodating and professional.  With so many chiropractic offices in Charlotte, it's hard to know who to trust. Don't look anywhere else, this practice has it all.
I have been going to see Dr. Belsky and her Husband(who uses another name) Dr. Trajillio that she sends you over too for treatment too but they don't act like they are married.  The office is open and cold, the treatment rooms are a metal hard chair and a flat treatment bed.  She usually only would just quickly come in small chat, touch your neck etc. and that was it write you a prescription. It looked like she just rolled out of bed half the time and I did not think she was professional you could here her language with the staff.  The walls were so thin I could hear the entire conversation in the next room.  After multiple visits, they shuffled me over to a nurse, and I was lucky to see my actual doctor again at all. I think to push more patients through the practice.  I got the impression this was a clinic with an appearance of newer office. I think the doctor does not listen to the patient she is in and out of the room.  You wait about 2 hours for 5 min. Hardly seems worth the time.  I have not had the relief they promised and they just seem to be in it for the money.  I would spend your time and money elsewhere to a doctor who actually is interested in getting you better.
My husband and I have been patients of this practice for many of years.  We date back to when it was on Rainbow under Dr.Pollard.  We saw Dr.Pollard and he retired and it was taken over by these three doctors.  Of course, we were a bit skeptical at first, Dr.Coy, Dr.Everson, and Dr. Bouye.  All three of these doctors have remained there over the last 10 years and we couldn't be happier.  Imagine being in a city this big for the last 16 years like myself and finding doctors that haven't moved, retired or found another job.   These guys were here to stay, in fact since they have been there the practice has improved 10 fold.  They moved to a nicer facility down the street still on rainbow it's more roomy and clean.  They take appointments only accept walk in's twice a day first thing in the morning and first thing after lunch.  If your there you get seen. So, if your really ill, I suppose you'll make time to be there.  They see you in a timely manner for your scheduled appointments, except for the forgetting to file a referral once and a while.  I really like these Dr.'s  Dr.Coy is friendly and spends the time with you to talk to you ask you questions and take care of your needs.  He knows us by sight and our names in a city of 2 million people that is impressive.  Dr.Everson we have seen many times as well, he is very nice and pleasant a different demeanor than Dr. Coy, He is a good doctor with his diagnosis, knowledgeable and a good listener.  He sorts out your problem right away and does not waste any time.  Dr.Bouye, I have only seen twice and both times over the years was very pleasant.  I have just mainly seen the other two doctors but any three of them I would highly recommend!
When my husband hurt his back several months ago, his doctor prescribed Physical Therapy at Endurance Rehab.  After one visit, he was hooked... He loved going to PT several times a week and in due time, his back was feeling much better!  I think he was sad when he couldn't go anymore...  And when I recently started complaining of major shoulder pain and went to the doctor, she prescribed PT for me too... so now I know why Jared loved going so much.  So far, I've been three times and I already feel a difference in my shoulder.  The staff is incredibly knowledgeable and personable. I've worked with Matt, Katie, and Ben to date. Since I travel often for work, they've been great about giving me "homework" (workouts to do on my own) including printouts with images and instructions for each exercise and stretch.  Endurance Rehab treats all aspects of orthopedic injuries and specializes in the underlying elements of athletics, especially endurance sports.  (Yes, I took that info from their website, but I do see a lot of triathletes there). The equipment is state of the art.  They even have a G-Trainer anti-gravity treadmill.  I have yet to try it out but I  hope to do so soon...  I go to this location (near LGO in Arcadia) but they also have a Scottsdale location. A Mesa location is opening in October.
I'm always happy at Cadence. They're super accommodating, the space is very clean and modern, and the doctors are very knowledgable. I've only had great experiences here. 5 stars
I have been seeing Chiropractors since the age of 12 and Dr. Meyers is by far the best I have ever had. When I first went to her I could barely walk and lying down caused me excruciating pain. At the time I was skeptical about Chiropractic as I've had numerous Chiropractors that I felt were charlatans. If there was any relief it would only be temporary and limited. I would be told that 'this was going to take a long time to fix and that I would need to come in several times a week.' I met Dr. Meyers with the worst back pain I've ever had and I was treated with compassion and kindness. After my first treatment, I felt immediate improvement. She told me numerous things to do and not to do before our next session and they were spot on. She was able to perform an adjustment that no other Chiropractor I've ever met could perform without weeks of previous work to loosen up the surrounding muscles. (Mind you some of these Chiropractors were very large muscular men). Subsequent to my second adjustment I felt almost complete relief. The only other Chiropractor I would define as "good" took two months of M/W/F appointments to get me to the same point for the same injury. As far as I'm concerned, in the Chiropractic world, Dr. Meyers walks on water. I now know Chiropractic is not a pseudoscience.  I sincerely thank Dr. Meyers she has a patient for life.
My 12 year old son goes to MLFCT once a week for Occupational Therapy. He has a seizure disorder and developmental delays. I drive all the way from Boulder City because it is worth the drive.  Kerri is really good with my son and understands his struggles. Working with Kerri, my son is slowly coming out of his shell and learning new skills that can help him in everyday life. I see the other therapists and how they interact with the children. They are very caring and the kids seem to really like them. A place like this is definately needed in Las Vegas and I'm so thankful that they are open everyday.
I highly recommend everyone to come to this facility. They have more than one Doctor as well as services other than Chiropractic. Dr. Loth is great with all of my special sports injuries. You can tell that he is very knowledgeable and he cares for our health. The staff is great and would love to get a massage in the near future.
I enjoyed coming here for physical therapy the first few weeks, My PT(s) were great!.. But as time came the pt would hand me over to the techs to do exercises with me, The three techs I had were on there phones during session time, I had to correct them on telling me what to do,  and were goofing off as if it was a middle school, socializing. I also overheard one of the "head" techs talk behind a pts back she made me feel uncomfortable left to a different foothills location for that reason.
I had my first ever colonic here, and I must say the service was excellent and very perfessional. Would highly recommend their services to anyone that is looking for this treatment!
Biltmore has a great studio and a great plan for new students. You pay just twenty bucks and can go unlimited for 2 weeks if you are a fresh face! Jordyn is a hilarious instructor and the people running the desk up front are super friendly and sweet. Especially one day when I had had a bit too much steam and heat they let me lay out front with a cold towel until a felt better and checked on me often. If you are looking for a great place to sweat out all the negative and toxic junk life throws at you this is a great place to unwind and spend a little time with yourself.
Dr. Underhill has been my primary care physician for several years and I will never go to another doctor as long as he is in practice here in the valley. He is very knowledgable, cares about his patients, and listens. I have never felt the rushed feeling which is normal when going to the doctor, he takes his time and ensures he is giving you the best care possible.
Before I became a patient at Canyon Orthopaedic Surgeons, I saw another Orthopaedic Surgeon.  I was not pleased with that doctor's demeanor, so I requested another referral from my Primary Care Physician.  I was sent to Dr. Morris at Canyon Orthopaedic Surgeons and couldn't be happier that I now have a great doctor on my side.  She is trying to help me to avoid surgery, but it may still be necessary.  If it is, I would be more than happy to have Dr. Morris handle the repair of my ankle.
Purposely misdiagnosed my grandfather's throat cancer as a sore throat. My grandfather died 6 months later. Would not recommend.
Run as fast as you can from this place. I made an appt for my wifes annual insurance paid  wellness visit. I mentioned I would be getting the CBC panel and Lipid panel blood work. Receptionist said fine , how is tomorrow?We came in next day, took BP, poked her a few times in stomach, tried to sell her  flu shot and balance test and to clean out her ears(which isnt covered by insurance), then told me I had to come back since lady who draws blood was on vacation. WTF?? Why didnt you tell me that WHEN I made appt? I complained to physicians assistant and he said wasnt his job to make appts. Basically he could have cared less. Complained to receptionist and she said you have other options. I could make another appt or go across street and wait 1 hour at Quest. Said she would speak to person (Gitta) who made appt. Just a horribly incompetent staff and Richard Vause just looks at you like its not my problem.  RUN RUN RUN!!!
This was by far one of the best massages that I have ever had. Steve was professional, knowledgeable, and helpful with my questions. VERY affordable and quality supplies and service were provided throughout. I will definitely be back and recommend this to others in the area! Thank you for a great experience, wonderful customer service, and easy appointment scheduling and confirmation.
Dr. Robey is incredible!  After only 3 treatments, my pain level went from a 10 to a 3.  I could hardly walk/move after tweaking my back, & hadn't felt that level of pain since I was a competitive athlete decades ago.  Dr. Robey not only helped alleviate the acute pain I was initially feeling in my lower back, but helped assess & treat the root cause.  I am so happy to have found Dr. Robey & would highly recommend him!
Has done an excellent job with my lower back pain. Slipped out of position stretching and after a few visits feeling much better.  Thank You Great job
Last Sunday I slept in and missed the 9am yoga class that I was planning on going to at my gym.  Rather than skip yoga completely, I jumped online and noticed that Sumit's new Biltmore location (in the Town & Country Plaza) had a 2pm class taught by Beri (one of my fave yoga teachers), so I planned my day accordingly.  I really needed a sweat after spending the entire previous week eating and drinking my way through San Fran.  I was pleasantly surprised by how clean the studio was... and the bathroom had a nice shower too although I opted to go home to shower after class.  The class itself was the same format I've taken at other Sumit locations... a combo of flowing poses with some music in a very HOT room.  I look at Sumit's yoga as a combination of a regular flow yoga class and a Bikram class.  It is pretty intense and it was so hot last Sunday that I had to sit out a few poses.  I left dripping wet but I felt amazing!   Instead of paying $18 for a drop-in class, I chose to pay $2 more to take advantage of the $20 for two weeks of unlimited yoga.  Unfortunately, packages from other Sumit locations don't transfer.  Have I been back? Not yet but I still have another 8 days to take advantage of it!
I've been taking prenatal yoga classes from Casey, Founder and Associate of this healing and wellness company throughout my pregnancy, and it took me until today, the day before my due date, to take Casey up on her offer to come in for a prenatal massage session.  Needless to say, I should've gone in sooner.  The office is a hidden gem, located just north of Indian School on the east side of 32nd street.  I parked in back and made my way up to the door where Casey was waiting for me with a cold bottle of water... nice touch!  Since I'm very pregnant at the moment, Casey worked on me first in a special chair that allowed room for my belly and then on a table that had just enough foam pillows to keep me comfortable and relaxed.  Her healing touch was amazing, and the time I spent there flew by.  Rates are extremely competitive, and first time clients can take advantage of an introductory massage for just $45.  In addition to Casey, there are three other associates, and they are available for appointments from early morning through evening 7 days a week.  They do all kinds of massage ranging from deep tissue, relaxation, energetic, prenatal, and more... they also specialize in working with corporate wellness - I know they keep busy with some large companies in town.  If you're looking for a massage from a skilled professional, you can't go wrong here.  Enjoy!
Called yesterday to book an appointment for a mammogram screening  and bone density test.  I called back today to get an idea of what they charge for these tests and MRI's.  Each provider charges a different amount.  Most hospitals or facilities I've called in the past are able to provide pricing for lab or radiology procedures.  I talked to three different people at SimonMed (financial services, customer service, and billing) and none of them understood my question.  She kept on telling me that payment would depend on my insurance and plan as it varies by insurance. I was completely aware of this as I have done medical billing.  I tried wording my question differently but to no avail.    Based on my research and review of this company and personal experiences, they do not have competent and knowledgeable people in the billing or financial services dept.  I don't like the fact that they can't tell you how much to expect to pay especially when they REQUIRE you to pay at the time of visit.  Most providers bill insurance first and then bills patients for their responsibility based on the EOB (explanation of benefit) which is how it should be because it's very difficult to get refunds from medical providers once you've paid them upfront.  Read some of the reviews to confirm this truth. My suggestion is that you work out a payment arrangement upfront and then wait to see what your insurance pays.
Doctor Rosenstein is the best. He actually listens and spends time explaining what I have to do to get better.  The staff is very professional and friendly, and I am seen by the doctor within ten minutes of my appointment, which is really important to me. I highly recommend Doctor Rosenstein.
This place horrible.  I made an appointment for 3pm and it was 4pm until I went up to the counter pretty upset because other patients were seen before me and they just walked in.  They told me that they were verifying my insurance which was false because I could have called my insurance company myself in less amount of time.  Don't go to this office unless you want to raise your blood pressure.
Novant receives one star from me only because you exist and I'm sure Novant has helped others but, I didn't get help last night. Her expressionless face said it all; just wanted to go home. I was turned away because I didn't have my medical cards. Maybe this is how they operate in Charlotte.  So EVERYONE in Charlotte carries their medical cards? EVERYONE? No one forgets do they?    But I know you can call to verify coverage with a valid drivers license . Novant is just not smart enough to do something like that. No thinking outside of the box here.   No sense of "URGENCY" at an URGENT Care Clinic.
It sounds like hyperbole when I say that no one in our region does what Dr. Weeks does. If you want someone to work with you on wellness and use every tool in the shed doing so, Dr. Weeks is your guy. He's a licensed MD, but he's also a voracious learner and strong advocate of a wide variety of alternative medical therapies. He first tries to find and fix the cause of your problem rather than just treating the symptom with drugs right away. In the end, he does what works for you, whether that's traditional medicine or alternative therapies -- sometimes a hybrid of both. He's the former head of the Lakewood ER who got frustrated with treating symptoms rather than making people healthy. On top of his MD training, he's learned about nutrition, accupuncture, anti-aging and dozens of other alternative therapies. Best of all, he's compassionate and takes time with all of his patients to really listen and understand their challenges.
Tom Bratcher is the most attentive and professional physical therapists that we have found.  Tom takes the time to truly look at the whole body to figure out the problem.  Toms' dedication to his patients is so apparent.  He takes all the time needed to make sure each patient gets the rehab they need.  All the other therapists we've gone to would spend 45-60 minutes each session.  Tom will spend 1-3 hours each session to make sure each patient is getting everything they need to heal as quickly as possible.  My gratitude to Tom and his staff simply can't be measured.  We will never go anywhere else!
I made the mistake of coming here again really only out of being desperate. At this point in time I feel like I could loose a limb and I'd still wait to go anywhere besides this place to get it Swen back on even if it meant waiting a day! Cause that's what you do here anyway... wait.... wait... wait.... and wait!!!!! It's ridiculous!!!! They have no consideration of your time.
So, my therapist got me at 12:07. Ok not too late. She gave me her name and said we'll be upstairs. Ok no warmth or handshake maybe it's not her thing. I told her the two areas that gave me trouble and she told me to lay down face up. She didn't ask what kind of pressure I liked. She didn't adjust the foam roller to the appropriate place nor at any time was I asked how I was feeling. The room was cold and if she just asked once I would've told her because me obviously shivering wasn't enough. Unfortunately, this was THE worst massage I've ever had and at one point I thought it was a joke! She missed every area that was common to massage and i was just being lightly rubbed with oil in between her loud gulps of water. At one point I looked up to see where she went. Most good therapists keep at least one hand on you or stay near you. The energy which would've made up for the massage wasn't good either. No soft voice. No gentle movements moving the sheet or my body parts. I almost got up and left but then remembered I was naked! So, I was going to let the front desk know about my experience when they asked because every place I've ever been HAS asked. Guess what?  They didn't. They just took the tips and gift cards and that was it. I'm in customer service and this was unacceptable.  I can see if I was impolite, rude or just a plain old bitch then you'd maybe try to just get me out of their. I just smiled and barely said two words because it was obvious no one cared in the first place. I've had many massages in the past and not every one was perfect however, whether it be the energy or the massage one made up for the other. Nothing was good here and probably shouldn't have even tipped.
My new gym and I love it!  First time I've had a 'posh' gym membership. Normally I end up working out in the 'muscle' type gym's but for convenience, opening hours and facilities, I signed up to the Nuffield. It is not cheap but worth the money if you go regularly.  Clean, plentiful equipment in working order. Large range of classes at times to suit any needs and the pool is fantastic. I do love the steam room as well with its dark ceiling, fairy lights and menthol steam.   To start, I had a health MOT - working out at 6am meant I could get this the morning after registering so all the height, weight and cardio measurements taken. Then the next day I was set my customised programme, based on what I wanted to achieve and what I liked doing. This part I like as if I don't like something, I'll not do it so my instructor listening to me was great :-) Check up will follow two months after the first assessment and then my programme will be modified so I don't get bored.  I am a gym, equipment and pool kinda gal so I can't comment on the classes. The facilities are lovely and clean anytime I've been in and the babyliss hairdryers are really powerful so this is a bonus.  All in all, really love it here. Happy working out 5-6 days per week and more than getting my 43 worth a month.
I just want to say that this place is worth checking out because they have so much to offer! I highly recommend Complete Health & Wellness!!!  I bought 5sessions of CryoTherapy to reduce inflammations in my muscles but when I arrived at Complete Health & Wellness center, I found out they have a lot more to offer than just a whole body CryoTherapy.   When I walked into Complete Health & Wellness center, I filled out a quick paper form. Then I went into the CryoTherapy room and was explained why I have to take most off my clothing (you go in the chamber with just panty/boxers on with gloves and socks over slippers). It was a cold 2-3minute in the chambers but it went by quickly as a staff member, Steve, explained how the whole body CryoTherapy works (reduces inflammation, improves circulation, and removes toxins which could lead to weight loss). I've done two Cryo sessions so far and am so excited to see how my body will feel by the end of the week when I finish my 5sessions.   Side note: I also tried the other treatments Complete health & Wellness offers. Besides CryoTherapy, the center also offers THOR laser (finds trigger points to release pain-you won't even feel anything besides some warmth from the laser), and NovoTHOR (which is a light bed where you lie down and the red/near-infrared light promotes cell regeneration.   They also have compression boots (it's this thing you put over your legs and air goes in and out to give you a massage), but if you need a full body massage there is an affordable sport masseuse inside the center. The center can also help your body detox through Metagenics (I have not ordered mine yet but you get 20% discount using practitioner/promo code "CHAW.")  ...ETCETERA!!! Complete Health & Wellness offers so much I can't write everything I tried and saw. It is much easier if you went to check it out yourself! (Don't just check this place out over the internet but actually go see the facility and meet the crew. It is very clean and the staff members are very welcoming, super friendly and knowledgeable!)
The PT is good however the staff or person answering the phone is very rude.. She was condescending, impolite and extremely rude.  The owner does not manage their staff well and allows and condones this kind of behavior.    Very disappointing and unacceptable in how their patients are treated.
Well well well, where do I begin? I have the pleasure of visiting Luanna (I'm sure I always spell it wrong) fairly often, but not often enough. I'd go every week if I could, and I know she could make that happen, but suffice it to say "in this economy" I go as often as I can.  She has a true passion for her line of work and it shows. I'm a hair stylist, and am on my feet all day (on a good day!) and constantly having my arms in the forward raised position. After my massage I feel taller and lighter both physically and mentally. She'll talk to you the whole time if youwant and be almost a therapist, or if you prefer a quiet time she has no problem being silent the whole 90 minutes. Oh yeah 90 minutes, 60 just isn't enough! Also, she offers packaged deals online and I just love to know I have massage credits in a stockpile ready to use at my leisure. I recomend her to everyone.
Agree with everyone here, the wait time is insane. Save yourself the trouble and find a new family doctor. I've been going here for longer than I can remember but they've finally driven me to the edge. After this appointment (from which I've been waiting for an hour now) this will be my last time here.
I've been a patient here for a couple of weeks and would highly recommend this office! Very professional and pinpoint your issues and do everything they can to make you pain free. Dr wasserman, dr Cassady and Laura tennant are great at what they do.
I should have done this so long ago, but we forget our Doctor's need reviews too! I've sent my boyfriend, my family and my friend's to her. You should know about her too! I've been going to Dr. Bradley for 10 years! She is my all time favorite doctor because she is always bright, smiling, genuine and just overall warm! You want to thank her and hug her at the same time. Her staff is professional and friendly. Mandy at the front desk is wonderful at her job. I've followed Dr. Bradley to 2 locations and would never think of going anywhere else. She's helped me with everything from migraines to pnuemonia to well woman check ups to getting my gall bladder removed! What a versatile and knowledgeable woman she is! I take my son to her now and he isn't afraid to go in. Peace of mind knowing we will be treated well, and taken care of is all I could really ask for in a general doctor!
Dr. Kuruganty is a horrible and nasty person.  She's rated a 2star and now I understand why.  She's rude and unprofessional.  She turns her nose up at any surgeon/physician that isn't referred by her.  If you're young, she feels authority to snap at you.  I've been nothing but nice to this doctor.  But I think her personal problems in life are brining out the real person in her.  I will be looking for another physician.  After reading reviews on ratemds, I should have changed a long time ago.
I have been going to Dr. Gage for a little less then a year after a family member recommended him. I first started taking my 2 y.o. daughter when she was having issues digesting food and she also had a cold. I will never take my daughter to the kiddie dr. ever again anytime she gets a cold we just pop in to Dr. Gage and she is almost always better next day!  He has also done wonders for my husband and myself! With not only back issues but over all better health and immunity. Chiropractic care isn't only for people who have back problems its really for everyone!  The staff are so friendly and treat you like family. If you are looking for a great chiropractor i highly recommend Dr. Gage @ Gage Chiropractic!!!
The facility is beautiful. They are still pretty new so they can be short handed at times but almost every employee was amazing to my mom who was in after an accident. The food had good days and bad days but I would bring my mom snacks. The biggest pet peeve is with the actual therapy. Occupational and Physical consistently went against each other and there was never a set schedule which was frustrating for my mom. The techs were wonderful. Shout out to the 2 guy techs who worked with my mom the most. They were wonderful. I know 1 of their names was Kerry (sp?) He was the sweetest and always remembered my mom's drink. I don't remember the other guys name but there aren't many men there. Anyway if you have to go somewhere like this,  this place is amazing.
I just moved here with my family from New Jersey and my kids needed a pediatric doctor. I decided to give this place a shot & thank goodness I did! From the moment I walked in I was in awe, Adelante is a beautiful facility! The front office girls are sweet, the medical assistants are extremely knowledgeable and they took their time to ask myself and my kids questions. Dr. Singleton is great with kids, its like he is a child whisperer. My kids were at ease and were never scared. He makes seeing the doctor fun and exciting. The world need more doctors like him. You can tell that all the workers are like a family. Hands down the best pediatrician my kids have seen. I highly recommend for all you out there to make an appointment. They also have family practice and internal medicine will be added shortly.
I wanted to like this office because it is so conveniently located by my house, and I stuck with them for a few months until I gave up and had to go somewhere else.  Dr. Kurvilla clearly didn't listen to my concerns, seemed a little condescending (which I am a college graduate with a science degree in Exercise Science and personal trainer, I know anatomy...) and just said I had a case of plantar fascitis.  Put a shot in my foot, ordered me a bunch of pills and sent me to nearly 20 sessions/6 wks of PT, all which did NOTHING. I later got handed over to Dr. Delassandro, bc Dr. K had just left for the day out of the blue, but Dr. D who is a really nice lady, listened much more than Dr. K, but I still never got a clear diagnoses and wore a boot/air cast for 6 weeks that it turned out, I never needed.  As Dr. D is a thorough doctor, she referred me out to lots of testing, but the office is so disorganized, they referred me out to several places that weren't even covered by my insurance.  I didn't even know until I showed up at the test appointments and was made to pay outrageous co-pays like hundreds BEFORE the appointment.  Also, good luck getting someone to call you back.  I called and left messages for several assistants and never got calls back until I would really really gripe at someone.  One time they said they had read my chart wrong, that's why no one called me back, and 2 other times they blamed it on the referring doctors' offices why they didn't call back.  If you don't heed my advice and you go here anyway, YOU MUST STAY ON TOP OF THEM to get anything taken care of.  You are just a number.  And sometimes I'm ok with that, but there are just too many mistakes at this office- they really don't care about you.  When I finally gave up on this office, I requested my medical records, sent them the fax and left the messages they required, and still no word back.  I finally again got pushy and low and behold, someone gathered all my records within the hour.  When I actually got them and went through them, some of the records SAID I WAS A MAN even!? Again, you are a nobody to this office.  Save your time and money and go to Sunrise Foot and Ankle to Dr. Wood.  He had my issue diagnosed on the first visit and I OBVIOUSLY needed surgery, not a boot and it WASN'T just plantar fascitis that would be fixed with a shot, pills and PT!  I had the surgery and am 95% recovered with the issue gone (which was a mass of cartilage that had been growing into a tumor and then snapped off my bone) ALL this from my 1st appointment ever meeting the doctor to recovery from surgery happened UNDER 3 WEEKS AND UNDER $100- INCLUDING THE SURGERY because they are ALL on top of what your insurance is, from reception to the doctor!!  (See my SUNRISE foot and ankle review).  If you still go to Advanced Orthopedics, all I have to say is, YOU'VE BEEN WARNED.
I went to infinity one day when I was very sick. After my appointment I felt very faint and asked the receptionist for a cup of water. She denied me, saying it was not the clinic's responsibility to provide water. I sat on the bench to breathe and ended up fainting and blacking out. When I awoke, and after throwing up in the washroom, I sat down again and asked the woman to help me call a cab (my hands were too shaky), she again denied me.    Eventually, a patient, disgusted by the behaviour of the clinic , and seeing my state bought me a Gatorade from the attached pharmacy and helped me home.   I will never step foot in that clinic again.
WOW... what a shady company. They sold me a package for about $900 and now that I'm trying to use certain features of the package, I am being told that I did not pay for that package level (even though this is what I was told by the sales rep who sold me the package.) So, now that I need help with my account, no one will answer my calls or return my emails. I finally got someone on the chat tool to answer because I lied and said I was trying to set up a new package, and they told me to call a 1800 number. I had to wait on the phone to talk to the sales manager who sent me to VM after 20min of holding. I WAS thinking of also doing the nutrition package too, but not now. I could have avoided all of this, borrowed a friend's book, and paid the $200 to take the test. HUGE RIP OFF!
Extremely unhappy with this place. After an hour long wait on my first visit, I spent another 2 hours getting X-rays and talking to a nurse practitioner. I came in for an adjustment, which I did not get. They insisted on giving me electric stim after saying I didn't want/like it. Then they told me I had to schedule another appt to have my X-rays read. I came in 3 days later to learn the "doctors" we're still on vacation and still needed to review my X-rays, but in the meantime, they came up with a $1500 treatment plan to cure what they didn't even know was wrong. They had a billing specialist explain the treatment plan, which I thought odd, and she kept mentioning how I shouldn't worry because my insurance would take care of most of it. Then she got extremely defensive, argumentative and rude when I said I didn't agree with the treatment plan ESPECIALLY because they were trying to "treat" something she previously said I didn't need, not to mention the "doctors" still needed to look at my X-rays. Finally, extremely irritated, she threw her hands up and said "fine! What do you want then!?" She told me I had to schedule yet another spot to have my X-rays read. When checking out, the receptionist tried to up sell me on a massage the "therapists" said I didn't need.   This place clearly only cares about how much they can bill your insurance and how many times they can get you in per week to get copays. I have never experienced anything like this in my 20 years of chiropractic care.   I would NOT recommend this place to anyone.
Brandon's very good. He's 6'8" with a background in competitive athletics. If you think you're a big human, you're not. Brandon is a big human.   In the last couple of years that I've been going to Brandon, he's worked on me for maintenance, for miscellaneous back tweaks that one gets when with young kids at home and has shepherded me through my various starts, stops and random injuries of an on-again off-again running routine.   He does a lot of ART-based soft tissue work before he does any adjusting. For every minute he spends adjusting, he'll typically spend 5 - 10 working soft tissue and trying to find root cause. His ability to seek out and help correct non-obvious muscular-skeletal issues is outstanding.   Great guy. Wonderful practitioner. Consistently good results.
Don't do it. Too many inconveniences and setbacks. Never have I ever in my (well I've only been alive 20 years) have been to a place so unorganized. They gave me the wrong xrays two times both times instructed by the Doctors. Wasted a lot of time and gas and energy. Been trying to get surgery scheduled for 2 months and still nothing to this day. Stay away!!!!
Todo el personal sin escepcion es incompetente, desde Andrea la CEO hasta la que barre, son majaderos y jamas toman responsabilidad de sus errores mi esposo se les cayo de la cama con una Craneotomia de 15 dias terminando en la sala de emergencia, tuve que pagar 500 dlls de copay por el ER siendo que fue culpa de Health South, las enfermeras no leian que la presion solo se le tomara en el brazo izquierdo llegaban y directo al brazo derecho mi esposo con cuagulos en su brazo despues de derrame cerebral y jamas leian las instrucciones se enojaban por que yo les decia no por favor mira BP only left y nadie les llama la atencion Roberto el encargado de las enfermeras siempre las defendia escusando su falta de profesionalismo, Andrea la Ceo me amenazo por que cuando mis esposo se les cayo yo tome fotos y me dijo que las borrara que es ilegal tomar fotos gritando enfrente de mi nia Autista, los terapistas todos sin escepcion siempre llegan 10 min. Tarde y pierden tiempo platicando todos con su chicle muy poco profesionales me trataban como una basura al igual que a mis hijos, tuve que dormir ahi todos los dias por miedo a que no le dieran el tratamiento adecuado a mi esposo, fue un infierno de todo corazon les platico nuestra experiencia fue aterradora no dejen ahi a sus seres queridos solo les importa cobrar a las aseguranzas, la Lidia la Case Manager propago informacion confidencial con personas no autorizadas, muchos de los pacientes solos son abusados en este lugar.
The pediatrician we've encountered was very friendly and helpful. What ruins the experience is the wait time. It's been more than an hour and we just got called for vitals. It would be my luck also that my child is throwing a tantrum during this long wait. Make sure you bring food cause the wait time is super long.
I had my first visit with Dr. Rosenstein. He was one of the most personable physicians I've ever met with. He explained everything that I needed to know and even was willing to assist with follow up on a condition I didn't even go to see him for. He diagnosed my condition and set me up with a referral to resolve my issue. I would highly recommend him and the office staff is very nice.   Michael D
Close to home and with my busy life the b-shots really give me that extra boost to keep me going.  These ladies are great and always easy to get in and out :)
This group of medical unprofessionals is a freaking joke. Their pain management was fair at best but when I requested records for my AFLAC insurance and my private doctor asked for records to ensure comprehensive care, they denied access to my records claiming that they had to "review the records prior to release."  Not only is it illegal to review records with the hopes of changing them to suit their legal liability but also to ensure billing was correct.  I only wanted the records that are legally mine and the Doctor that was in charge of my overall care.  They lied on multiple occasion, led me to false people and avoided me while causing harm to my brain.
Great, small family practice! I got referred here from Maricopa OBGYN right across from Foothills Family Care.   I've seen both Natalie Tejada and Maura Tardif. Great people; everything I'd look for in a family care provider!   Have yet to see Dr. Wolfe; however, I know I'm in good hands with either of these two. They both were very helpful during some seriously tough times this year.   Earlier this year, their medical assistants have got me MRI reports, CT scans and other necessary reports promptly when I've needed them in a timely manner.   If I can rate the docs and other staff alone, this place would be five stars.   Yet, some of their reception people have the people and social skills of a paper bag . . .Which leads to a 2-star deduction.   Most of them are great, but recently a few of these ladies have left much to be desired!   When you've got a line of patients waiting to check in or make a copay and you're telling them to hold on, it better be for something more important than discussing whether or not you should accept those free concert tickets. Time and place; learn the concept.   And don't even get me started on phone skills.   Dr. Goldman, Moran or Wolfe would seriously benefit from sending a few of these clowns to Customer Service Training.   I definitely recommend Natalie and Maura for your healthcare needs!
Wrote a previous review in February about my "back injury" misdiagnosis galore that turned out to be a 10 pound dead kidney, thanks to a UPJ obstruction that most likely happened while I was still developing in the womb. Didn't even know about it until this year. Hello, pain!   Sick of being at the mercy of when it would throw its next temper tantrum, sometimes coupled with vomiting, and not being able to throw hammer, my surgeon and I agreed it was time to have that useless sack o' fluid evicted in April.   Turns out even if you don't have an open nephrectomy, you can still lose a lot of abdominal strength. So, back to Spooner Physical Therapy!   Had the pleasure of working with Trevor again - Who else?   I can hear him now if he ever saw this review. "Oh no, Meg?! That lady was one high maintenance pain in my left butt cheek. Never again. Like, ever!"  I sincerely appreciated his willingness to get down to business, creating a solid plan to help rebuild strength so I could train and compete again. Even if he did enjoy "beating up" on my ugly surgical scars with a huge smile on his face.   Of course, if I didn't do my part, I wouldn't be back to throwing right now.   Getting someone functioning again is only half the battle.   Almost everyone I encountered here seemed invested in your recovery beyond your condition. Or they're just pros at faking interest in you as a person and not just another number . . . Which would suck.   When I first came here in January, I was extremely nervous that I'd have another awful PT experience like I did in Colorado. These PTs were some of the most miserable, jaded trolls ever.   None of my concerns were founded at Spooner, really. Was here around fourish months this year, and it was the best PT experience I've had. Not like anyone wants to be here though, yeah?   Still stand by everything said in my previous review.   This has been the hardest year of my life, having two surgeries within an eight month period and losing what would've been my first season back in the ring. Elated to finally slam the door and not look back.   Surely, you're in good hands with whoever you see at SPT.   But they should know that Trevor is a real asset to their team.  Still recommended! And I hope to never see any of these people again in a rehab capacity.
I had the good fortune of being referred to Dr. Michael Underhill several years ago when my health was maintained with an annual checkup. That changed when there were more complex medical issues. Dr. Underhill has vast knowledge but recognizes when it's appropriate to refer care to a specialist. It was during visits to other doctor offices that I realized how unique Dr. Underhill and his staff is. From check-in to check-out, there is a rare level of professionalism. I have never felt rushed and am always encouraged to ask questions. Dr. Underhill has a personal assistant, Christy, who is readily available for questions over the phone and, like everyone else in the practice is compassionate and respectful. Visiting other specialists offices has caused me to truly appreciate Dr. Underhill and his staff! They are the best of the best!
I signed up for the one month unlimited new student pass at Bikram Yoga Tempe shortly after injuring my left knee Olympic Weightlifting.    And what a steal at $29!   This was my first experience with Bikram; had a brief affair with Sumits in the past.   I'm going to try to be as fair as possible with this review.   Almost everyone I encountered was friendly! How genuine it was, erm ... Who knows.   While I enjoyed my experience, and studio and space is absolutely gorgeous, I felt some of the teachers could do significantly better about being mindful of their students' injuries.   I went to great lengths to inform the teachers prior to class of my injury, and may not get into (or even attempt) some of the poses per my orthopedic surgeon and physical therapist's instruction.   One was happy to offer modifications prior to class. AMAZING! One just acknowledged it then called me out several times to get into the poses (ones recommended to avoid) at all costs.   Militant much? I thought this was Yoga.  Of course I'm an athlete and competitive as all get out with myself and attempted these poses against  better judgement.  Not only was this severely painful (we're talking about a meniscus injury, severe osteochondrosis and a badly contused femur here) ... It almost put me off from the practice completely.   The studio seems to pack as many students as possible into their ginormous space, which makes me wonder if a teacher is able to truly spot poor form and correct it. Kind of like overbooking CrossFit classes ... A Hunger Games situation just waiting to happen.  Another thing I noticed, these guys like to brag about their heating system, yet this place doesn't get as hot as other studios. What's the point if it's cool?   Anyway, BYT closed for renovation on May 16th with 2-3 days left on my pass.  BYT was a nice intro to the practice, but I don't think I'd commit to a membership here for the reasons stated in this review.  Update 6/10: Received an e-mail response to this review from Elaina Zorensky. Very classy and much appreciated! I've attached photos to this review in the spirit of being transparent. Thanks for your response, Elaina - I'll send you one shortly.
** Hello ... Yelp ... Anyone home?  This place is now called Ironwood Urology. Please update. Sent you the requested information. :) **   After a long, distressing three months of misdiagnosis galore "Back injury - Go see a physical therapist; enjoy going broke!" "No, you have a 13cm kidney cyst!" "Just kidding, it's severe hydronephrosis!", my primary care doctor sent me to Ironwood Urology.    Dr. Bigelow is the bees knees! He was the surgeon that removed my right kidney and is now my urologist.   He was great with me and my family before, during and after the procedure.   Initially, I actually saw another doctor that was leaving the practice before being passed to Dr. Bigelow.  Found that unlike a lot of doctors, he took the time to explain to me what exactly a UPJ obstruction was (I didn't even ask, wow!), and was quick to reassure me that:   1) Nothing I "did" caused my kidney to die, as it likely happened in-utero, and  2) Nothing my mother "did" during her pregnancy caused this.    I especially appreciated him understanding that as a serious athlete, getting back to training was of great importance to me . . . While not compromising my safety or rushing the healing process.  Everyone in the practice has been pleasant, promptly returned phone calls, and speedy lab results.   Wouldn't hesitate to recommend Ironwood Urology, Dr. Bigelow or Dr. Avila to any family and friends.
**IMPORTANT NOTE: The updated review is Part One. Please read the previous review for Part Two**  I had to hold off on my review of Foothills Sports Medicine South Gilbert (FSMSG) for almost 5 months in order to be as civil as possible.  Where to begin with this physical therapy experience I'd rather forget?  Some background: I'm a competitive Olympic Weightlifter (OL) (69k-75k), and spent over 10 years competing in Track and Field (Hammer Throw - NCAA DI and post-collegiately).   In April, I managed to bang up my left knee pretty good; the medial meniscus + contused the femur from overuse and heavy training.  Justin Wilcox and Dr. Cummings at TOCA have NEVER let me down with a rehab referral, so when they referred me to Ben Hagar at this facility, I was ready to get to work--Competitive lifting / fitness in general are important aspects of my lifestyle I refuse to compromise on.    So important, that I made a 15 mile trip each way to the clinic, sometimes even further depending on where I ended my workday in the Valley that particular day.  My first appointment with Ben, I was very optimistic. He did the typical battery of evaluation and tests, went into great detail explaining my injury and the plan of action, and took the time to ask questions about me as a person and athlete. We both lived in Reno at one point in our lives; he was also a college athlete. Cool. Relatable.   The rehab program I was presented (both in-clinic and daily at home) with set off a few alarm bells in my head.   Now, obviously I am NOT a PT by any means, but I've had rehab for knee injuries in the past, and that rehab was much more active.   Active as in doing exercises with some level of resistance, things that mimicked the movement patterns of the sport or would otherwise be beneficial to recovery.  Not laying on my back for 98% of my exercises.  The fact the rehab room was a room full of treatment tables only (no other equipment) should have been a sign for me to run far, FAR away.   But I kept an open mind, believed in what Ben was trying to accomplish and faithfully completed my exercises in the clinic and at home.   Plus, I was starting to get a small amount of relief with Ben's manual work and McConnell taping.   He even noticed my big toes were lifting off the ground when I got into a squat, which has been incredibly helpful to me to this day.  As time went on, I got the feeling that I was a waste of Ben's time and he was annoyed by my business, and me as a person.
So, this here genius ignored a knee injury / some functional deficits for over six years.   See my Orthopedic Clinic Association review, hooray dyskinetic chain and patella femoral malignment! http://www.yelp.com/biz/orthopedic-clinic-association-tempe#hrid:wm7FN8FkYeWy9SedrvAMHw   Had the opportunity to work with Dave Hogarth, the Clinic Director. Well, more like Dr. Cummings said, "See Dave and ONLY Dave. Your athletic career depends on it, missy. Do it for your own good, or your right leg will EXPLODE!"   Joking aside, very nice and knowledgeable guy.  Also, I forgive him for being an ANGELS fan!   A former Decathlete (Track & Field for everyone out there thinking 'whaaaat!?'), I appreciated his more in-depth knowledge of the hammer throw and its mechanics. Dave "gets it" and when he didn't, he asked thoughtful questions.  Effective and varied home program, never static, didn't get bored. Fusionetics Sports Science is a great platform for visual learners, because you can compare your form with the video demos.  While Dave was fun to work with . . . Just thinking about the manual therapy techniques he used on my knee / foot / ankle / hip makes me want to go hide in a corner somewhere. And the FAT stick of doom. *shudder*  Can't complain too much, because I haven't felt "injury pain" while throwing, walking upstairs,  deep squat in my clean + jerk, snatch, back + front squat in weeks. Plus some gains in range of motion; oh yeah!  What sets this place apart from their competitors? Giving patients a maintenance program upon discharge so they don't lose their gains. This is the first time I've had this happen, and I'm impressed!   Also, pleased to report that Dave turned me loose when things improved for me, and didn't attempt to capture more co-pays and sessions. Listen to your patients, PTs.   Everyone from the front desk crew to the techs to the AT's were always very helpful. Steve Arias and Mallarie Hanna were always fun to work and chat with.   Excellent customer service with a recent billing mistake.   Overall, very nice, no frills, "gets-the-job-done" facility. It's also nice that I was able to meet a nice variety of athletes from the community, not just a "runner's club" clinic.  I recommend Dave and Physiotherapy Associates Chandler for your rehabilitation needs, full stop.   Hopefully I won't have a reason to come back, but it's nice to know this resource is available on my journey the next three years!
Horrible office! After suffering from unbearable allergies all my life I finally decided to find a solution and made an allergy drop appointment. My first appointment was great! They took me back right on time, did the testing, explained the program and set me up on a drop program the same day. The PA even took the time to tell me stories and testimonials for a completely unrelated jaw popping issue, and recommended a colleague in the area. I left feeling very optimistic and excited to finally be rid of my allergies. WIthin a couple months my symptoms had greatly decreased and I was excited for my follow up appointment for them to see my progress. Thats when things took a turn...  I made a 7am appointment so I wouldn't have to take any time off of work. I arrived right on time, and waited 15 minutes in the lobby before I was called back. Finally the MA came and got me and did the weighing, blood pressure, etc. and then apologized to me that the PA is very rarely on time and he should be here soon. I then sat in a room for 25 more minutes before he finally came in. He literally was in the room for 5 minutes - checked my breathing and nose and sent me on my way. Complete waste of time and I ended up late to work.  I then started having a small reaction to the drops and e-mailed my doc through the patient portal. It took 3 days to receive a response that just said "we forwarded to your doc" and then another 4 days before I received an actual response. Really makes me feel cared about.  I then reached out to the allergy drop company to find out if there was another provider in the area and I guess they contacted Warner Family Practice because I received a call and e-mail from the director of the practice. I was heading off for vacation so I responded to his e-mail and explained the situation. It has been over 2 weeks and he couldn't even be bothered to respond... and the worst part is they went back to the allergy drop company claiming that its ME that isn't responding....   I have cancelled all future appointments and will not be returning. The allergy drops are great, but not worth having to deal with an incompetent, rude practice that doesn't care about their patients.
Just saw Dr Rosenstein at this location and WOW! I have never been so impressed with a doctor's knowledge about my (somewhat rare) condition.  Dr Rosenstein spent nearly 1 full hour with me and was clear and concise in the tests that he ordered for me.  His staff is amazing as well.   Will definitely be back.  Fantastic experience!!!
I have never, ever felt (as an adult) as free and light in my body as I do after Rolfing with Jill.  It's as very simple as that.  If moving isn't pleasurable, if you feel tight and sore and tired, that is NOT your age or part of the process.  Jill can help you reconnect with your body and remember how it is to feel your physical potential, which of course frees you to feel many other magnificent things.  I don't live in Chicago, but  when I am there I will without a doubt be seeking the wisdom and gentle guidance of Jill, not to mention those visits specifilcally for her help.  As a side note, her office is in the most incredible old building in Chicago, the Fine Arts Building. Absolutely fitting for your fine tuning.
Was not a fan of physical therapy because of Matt Smith/ATI.  My doctor told me I needed to go for my knees, back, and hip . So she recommended Kelly Hawkins. I was sure it was going to be as awful as the other guy. These people were the best. MY knee was killing me, after 1 visit I could walk without pain. A special shout out to my therapist Austin and his assistant Nate.  And especially the 2 girls up front. They were always pleasant. Thank you all!
Do not deal with this company. I ordered some  items and they had a computer malfunction and double charged me, went to BBB  with no results but my credit card co. with a lot of email  evidence gave me a credit back. Buy from some other company but NOT fom Active Forever. They prey on us older less computer literate folks. STAY AWAY from them!!!
I've been to this new Max Health location a few times now and I absolutely love this place! The entire staff makes the process easy and comfortable each time I'm there. I recommend this place all the time to my family and friends.
Thoroughly satisfied with the physical therapy I received and the suggested exercises to continue with following the conclusion of my PT.  Stephanie and her staff are top notch.
Very friendly staff, easy to talk to, made me feel comfortable. I look forward to my journey with Family doctors of green valley
The Queen Creek Office and staff is amazing! They are all very efficient and professional. Impressive that they remember who you are and little snipits of info about you.
Great place to get one on one training to meet specific needs. Drew does an excellent job assessing each of his clients to ensure they are maximizing their time in the gym. August 2017, I was involved in a serious car accident . When I met with Drew I had limited range of motion, I wasn't sleeping well at night, and was suffering from severe back pain. After just two months of working with Drew my range of motion improved greatly and the pain decreased substantially. I have continued to workout at this gym over a year later.
At first I was excited for my mothers admission to the center at arrowhead because it's a beautiful facility. After a few days I saw my mothers attitude decline. When I questioned her as to what was going on she said "the staff have been rude and negligent to her". Ignoring her call light and when they finally entered the room she was treated as an inconvenience. I tried hard to get ahold of the facility administrator. He failed to call me back for several days. I finally ran into him in the lobby as I waited for him to surface. He listened to my concerns and said he would investigate and call me back in a day or so. He never did and dodged me in the hallways a few times to prevent having to have another conversation. His name is Brett and should be ashamed of himself. I am reaching out the the nursing board regarding this matter. I highly do not recommend you bring anyone to this facility. Do not let the fresh coat of paint fool you.
THESE PEOPLE ARE A RIP OFF!!!! I will never go back there again. Overcharged us for a DOT drivers physical then only renewed it for 1 year rather then the standard 2. Just a cheap ploy in hopes of getting extra $$$$. Find another doctor.
Dr. Daniel is a State Treasure. I've met him for consults and for my first time epidural. My anxiety level was high coming in the procedure,  but his whole team was very assuring. Dr. Daniel even took the time to see me before I went in the OR to say hi. He is a gentle, efficient and effective specialist, and relates well with his patients. Carrying the name of John Hopkins, I am glad he is practicing in Nevada. Surgery can be avoided. Thank you Dr. Daniel and to your team of professionals.
Love this place!  When I'm in need of an adjustment they get me in right away.  I love Cole - she is always smiling and greeting everyone.  Very organized and willing to help.
The Doctors here may or may not be great. You won't have a chance to find out because the office staff will frustrate you so badly you won't care to ever come back. We have given this office a few tries, hoping that our previous issues (terrible communication regarding test results and incorrect prescriptions sent to Walgreens twice) were just one offs and not a reflection of their business practices as a whole. When I called to inquire about an appointment today I was instantly dissapointed, again. They were clearly distracted and not listening as I had to repeat my questions a few times. She admitted she was "faxing an order". We will not be coming here again.
Had a great couples message... Must go back ASAP! They were so professional and did such an amazing job. I found them on groupon but their prices are very good.
I had a slip on the ice and my shoulder was wonk and uncomfortable. I came here to get some relief and I am sure glad I came here. Recommended by a colleague, I was so happy first of all that I was able to quickly make an appointment by contacting them via their form on their website. Within 24 hours they had responded with some appointment options that I quickly locked in.   I arrived 10 minutes early, filled a two page form and they were able to process payment through my drug card so it went straight to my extended health benefits without any work on my part!   Their offices are clean, modern and professional.  I was seen by Sarah who is simply amazing. I must admit I was a bit skeptical of the whole physiotherapy thing but Sarah is like a mechanic for humans! She was very thorough, patient and detailed in listening and asking me about what happened and how I felt. Then she took me through some exercises to find the range of motion I had and what triggered discomfort. She had a hypothesis on what was wrong and validated it through more testing. Afterwards she uses a model of a shoulder joint to show me what she suspected was happening. I left with homework and follow-up appointments but most importantly I felt better and hopeful that with her help this will not become a long term ailment.   If all that is not great enough, they email you appointment reminders!!!  Many thanks, to Sarah and her rockin crew!
This is most undoubtably, the worst hospital in the Las Vegas valley.  Parking is always a nightmare, a vast majority of the staff is rude and show no care or compassion, Attending Physicians hardly communicate with each other or their Residents/RN's etc, parts of the hospital lack serious house-keeping, food in the cafeteria is never anything more than lukewarm, emergency room nurses are rude and condescending, it's far too easy to gain access to any part of the campus.  My list goes on for DAY'S! Do NOT go to UMC. There are 20+ other hospitals that I'd rather spend my $1000's of dollars at.
After many years of coming here, I have cancelled all future appointments and am looking for a new primary care facility. My doctor, Paul B, is an amazing person and am excellent doctor... But the practice itself has degraded in service. It's a minimum of a 20 to 30 minute wait for any service...I left today after waiting over 40 minutes just to have lab work done.  If you have time to wait every time you go, this may be the place for you, if your time is important to you, look elsewhere!
I've been registered here for about 9 years & always found staff, nurses and doctors to be very pleasant and willing to help in any way possible, my only gripes are non shows and getting through to the repeat prescription line.
Book your appointment at your own risk!! The place is nice. But my experience wasn't very pleasant. After the deep massage i had a pain for the rest 4-5days. The lady from the head office agreed yes some pressure point might have been pressed but not settled, so i should be using the heat/cold pad (which i already was since 4 days) and then went on to say i cant offer any free massage or any discounts I would have to pay the full amount! I could have taken a paid massage as this is covered under my insurance , but really doesn't make sense to get a massage and be uncomfortable for another 4-5 days..
Love our Dr. Who we see but ever since the office joined w/ Banner the service and feel of importance has gone away. The phone number changed w/ out notice. The scheduler who has answered the phones since the late 90's since I've been going there no longer answers the phone. The option for the nurse that you have always been able to leave a direct message for is gone. Same day appointments are pretty much done.
Great guy.  Takes time to explain things.  Office staff Ken and Myra were super nice and I was seen on time.  Don't like seeing doctors but it was a good experience.
Everyone was so nice and compared to going to an ER the service was fast and the care was great!!!!! Thank you!!!!!
While getting PT for hamstring reattachment surjury from Spooner Health I was burned by their tens machine. Already having a very painfuil leg Spooner Health burned two holes in the back of my numb thigh. Their insurance company VGM pasted my information to SH's attorneys...  Clark, Butler, Walsh & Hamann 315 E. 5th Street P.O. Box 596 Waterloo, IA 50704 christy.liss@cbwhlaw.com (319) 234-5701  I'm asking any person or Marine Veterran like myself that has had a bad experience like this to share your experience. There's no need to suffer in silence. I'm being offered $1k for two 2nd burns to my leg at the hands of Spooner Health. I could smell something burning, I just didn't realized that it was my own flesh.   Share your thoughts via phone or email to the attorneys regarding this situation. They need to hear from all of us. I've reached out to our fine Senator McCain regarding my situation.  Injured or not, it's important to have your voice herd.   Senator McCain cares about Veterans, do you! CALL OR EMAIL THE ATTORNEY NOW. MAKE SURE TO CC  NOTME6617@GMAIL.COM
I like the experience of the massage therapists, they listen to you and work on your body accordingly. It's very clean and the rooms are comfortable. The front-desk personnel is very friendly, accommodating, and make you feel right at home. I'm no expert, but I've been to a few places, and this is by far the best one I have found.
Update:  Received a call on October 14 from SM Imaging.  They received a referral from The CORE Institute for the left knee referral!  When I told her that I called The CORE Institute a week ago to cancel the appointment, she was surprised.  So, I guess no one made a note on my account about cancelling the MRI. I chose The CORE Instititute because I believed it was one stop shopping.  If I had known they didn't even do in-house imaging, I would never have chosen this business!
Really wanted to like this place since I went here as a teen and so did my sister. Back then she had great bedside manner and spent time with you. Now that I have my kids, it just hasn't been the same. Wait times are horrible, and she doesn't seem to spend as much time with you; as I would like. So unfortunate, as I know she just is soo busy but it's not worth it to me anymore. The staff at front are great!
After many not so good experiences with different OBGYNs, I'm glad I found Dr. Docasar a few years ago.  I would give her 5 stars if my review for her was solely based on her alone.  She is very approachable, personable and professional.  She moved her office to the other side of town, but I don't mind making the trek to ensure I will be seeing her.  Whenever I see her, she is prompt and even if I have many questions for her, she never makes me feel rushed or an inconvenience to her.   Love the convenience of the patient portal as well.  It's nice to visit an office and have all the paperwork and insurance processed and have my records easily accessible to me online.    I have taken off one star due to the difference in staff in the new location.  At her previous office in Henderson, everyone was extremely friendly and welcoming.  I remember the MA/Nurse who did my workup before the doctor being exceptional.  At this new office, the 2 front office girls were nice, but the medical assistant/nurse who took me back for my pre workup seemed very uninterested and unengaged.  No smile, no introduction, just an emotionless face and monotone voice the entire time she saw me.  I asked if I should take my shoes off before being weighed, and she said "it's up to you, you can do what you want."  Maybe I am being unfair, maybe she was stressed, not having a good day, or they were running behind, but  I am a medical provider myself and I expect my staff to be representative of me in all facets of the patient experience in my office.  It is possible that since I was given such awesome customer service from the previous MA/Nurse in the past year that this experience fell short of a 5 star review.  Regardless, since Dr. Docasar is someone I trust and genuinely like, I will still return to this office.  I left my other OBGYN because of the incompetency of her front/back office staff, but Dr. Docasar delivers far better service than my previous OB.
**This place is now by 21st ave and indian school**  Talk about a piece of shit place.  First of the recepcionist speaks very little english. Very little to no training at all. Doesnt have a clue whats going on. Cannot describe to you what kind of work will de done. All they can say is the name of the work they will perform.  The place is a filth. Seriously paint flaking off, dirty walls and floors. The receiptionist look hungover as fuck. Either hungover or very little sleep. You are told one thing by the nurse assistant about when you will get called back and they do not honor their word. You have to call back yourself and are told its going to be a few more days. When you do call back they tell you to wait a few more days since they doctor is so busy they havent had time to review your file.   When you tell them that you cant wait anymore they put you on hold without asking you and will not pick up the phone anymore. They expect you to hangup. You literally have to go in person to get anything done. Very unprofessional. Over work and under staff. How they keep doing business is beyond me  this place is a shit hole. If i could give it zero stars i would.  Do not go to this place. Im about to report this to the medical malpractice to make sure everyone there has all their credentials.
I had a great visit at the clinic. Jacky is very knowledgeable and patient with patients. He's very consultative in his approach. Definitely recommend this clinic.
The staff here is amazing!  I've had chronic back pain for years and decided to visit a chiropractor to see if spinal adjustments might help.  The chiropractor I first went to had me hop up on the bed and immediately started doing adjustments.  I thought this was rather odd since I would have thought they'd want to do a bit of diagnostics first.  After a couple of visits, and no relief, I decided to look for a "real" practice that looked at the full picture, and this is how I found Gilbert Physical Medicine. I've been going for a few months and couldn't be happier with the results. I would HIGHLY recommend them to anyone!
The reviews are accurate...the wait time is horrendous here but MD Adams is a great doctor. My appointment of 10AM ended up being an appointment of 12:30PM. Bring a book or your iPad because you're definitely going to be waiting for at least 2 hours and most likely longer.   However, after meeting MD Adams, I felt like she listened to my needs and shared with me information that were news to me. Prior MD's weren't as attentive as she. Despite the long wait time, I would still recommended her.
Wonderful and knowledgeable  staff.  Had a great experience. Recovering from rotator cuff surgery was a complete success thanks to Synergy!!
I know a lot of people have opinions about chiropractors one way or another - but you really have to put those feelings aside when going to Ahwatukee Spine and Disc.  Dr. Rudd and Dr. Christopher do much more than just crack you and say, "See you next Thursday."  Their goal is to make it so they don't have to see you next Thursday.  In addition to adjustments, they also provide decompression, active release therapy (a personal favorite), kinesiology taping, ultrasound, stretching, therapeutic exercises to help cure imbalance and weakness, facial stretching, and massage (with they run through insurance!!)  I am willing to even go as far to say that Dr. Rudd and Dr. Christopher DON"T want to see next Thursday.  Their increasing popularity makes them very busy.  In fact, they have recently purchased and designed a larger space, so that they can treat more patients and offer more services.  In the meantime though, they work through their lunch to accommodate patients.  I had that happen to me two weeks ago - I watched Dr. Rudd literally eat half of a 6-inch Subway sandwich in one gigantic man-bite so that he could give me the time and treatment I needed.  Dr. Christopher is an Ironman finisher, and Dr.Rudd is a lifelong runner (in his heyday, he even beat an elite track star!  She was a girl, but that is aside the point). The point is that they understand how it important it is to feel good and empathize with their patients.  Dealing with scoliosis my entire life has led me into the doors of many chiropractors.  Some where good, some were bad...but none of them left me feeling like they really cared about me.  However, that is how I feel when I go to Ahwatukee Spine and Disc.  I know that Dr. Christopher and Dr. Rudd want me to be pain free, running fast and feeling my best. In this day and age, it is hard to find people who truly have your best interest, which makes Ahwatukee Spine and Disc a diamond in the rough.
Hi, Sean Early is a brilliant Physical Therapist and I'm grateful for his instruction and care.  December 11, 2015 I, a 63 year old male, dropped backward off a 9 foot wall while cleaning an infinity edge pool.  Fortunately my right ankle was the only serious injury, a tri maluolar fracture.  Great surgery, immediately performed by Dr.Grondel at Saint Rose hospital.  When the cast came off 4 months later he recommended three physical therapists. I visited each clinic.  I was immediately impressed with Seans facility.  It was orderly, clean and had new equipment.  The ambiance is good with a lot  of natural light, air conditioning and 70s rock Music.  Also I noticed their was a light patient load, No assistants will work with you just qualified PTs, Sean and Al. I came into the facility, on crutches  wondering if I would be able to return to my job.  But with three days a week instruction and manipulation plus positive encouragement, left 6 weeks later ready to go back to work. Sean, very like able, is all business but with your wellness and goals always in mind. Al will talk sports and laugh with you.  They are a great team. They teach you a routine of exercises you go through then they massage and manipulate your injury.  Several times to relieve my pain, after a hard workout the used acupuncture.  It works. I will always be greatful for their instruction and care.  I am pain free and have been back to work for 7 months now.  This is the place that will help you on your journey to wellness. Cheers
The staff is friendly and do their best to accommodate your needs what ever they may be. Waiting room gets quit full and fairly small. But they work hard to get you to your goals!
Dr. Jimenez is a good doctor, however the office staff are the worse Ever. They have very poor customer service. Patients had waited 4-5 hours to bee seen and none of the office staff had the courtesy to tell patient. Worse than waiting in the  emergency hospital.
A+ for American Chiropractic.  My back and rib pain significantly decreased within the first few visits to Dr. Genet and subsided for the most part within a few weeks.  The staff is super friendly and accommodating and Dr. Genet is kind and extremely knowledgeable.  Upon my first visit, she took the time to explain the chiropractic process inside and out and made me feel comfortable being there. I left there feeling good about my decision to visit their office and would recommend their services to anyone who needs a great chiropractor.
I write this review because no patient should experience what I experienced today and the practice needs to either be more selective of their staff or train their staff to be more sensitive and show better manners.The staff must be underpaid or overworked because the front desk staff and the nurse assistants are very rude. The nurse practitioners are professional but the rest of the staff and even some of the doctors treat the patients like they don't matter. They are running a business and providing a service and instead treat patients like they are an inconvenience. The first appointment I ever scheduled with them they screwed up and after I took time off work to be there they wanted to reschedule. They took me because they acknowledged they made an error with the scheduling.   Today I arrived a few minutes late to my appointment because I had trouble finding the place even though I had been there before. I spent 10 minutes trying to find the place because I wasn't sure which building number it was and Google maps was not helpful either. When I arrived there was only one person was taking in all the patients. She was talking to one patient and two were waiting in front of me. When she got to me she told me to have a seat and wait. Minutes later she tells me I should have been there 15 minutes prior to my appointment time so they told me I had to be rescheduled. I understand if I'm a first time patient that I have to arrive 15 minutes prior to fill out paperwork but this was not my first time there. So they rescheduled me for later that day and I left work early to make the appointment. This lady  was a bit rude but nothing compared to what I experienced later. When I get to my new appointment they tell me I missed my earlier appointment and they were going to charge $50. So they have a right to charge patients for being late but patients can't charge them for screwing up their schedule. I took time off work that I had to make up twice today to make this appointment but the patient's time is not valuable like theirs.  I told them I would dispute the charges and I explained why I was late and that I also had to wait when I arrived. They were not going to let me see the doctor unless I paid. The doctor heard I was disputing the charges and said I could talk to the office manager tomorrow. The nurse or assistant took in back and was telling her I was in disbelief that they wanted to charge me and that they need to be more understanding that things happen. The lady said it was normal for doctor's offices to ask to arrive 15 minutes prior to the appointment. This was the first time I was being told that by this office and I hadn't experienced that before so I disagreed and she was obviously very frustrated to be dealing with me. When we got into the room she wanted to take my vitals and I told her I was feeling very nervous because of the whole ordeal and she was getting more aggressive with me. She told me to get over it because she was already over it and I told her that's because your not the one going through it. She bursted out of the room to yell about me to the doctor. I could hear her yelling in the hallway and complaining about me to the doctor. She came back told me I could take my chart with me and not come back. I told her I wanted to get what I needed done but I was not coming back here again. She argued about that, what if they need me to come back because of my test results. I said I would deal with it then. I didn't want to say anything else to her but I had already decided I would never come back no matter what. I was shaking my head in disbelief of how I was being treated and she started shaking her head and bringing it back up. I'm like what are you doing? You told me not to talk about it but your bring it back up? So I can't talk about it but you can? She was mimicking me and being very rude. It was like having an argument with a little girl. She walked out of the room complaining about me to the doctor talking about me and I could hear her because she was practically yelling.   By the time the doctor walked into the room I was crying because I felt so bad but also because I was already stressed from my own personal problems and they made me feel so much worst. I explained everything to the doctor and she agreed to waive the fee. No patient has the right to be treated this way. That lady was very rude and unprofessional. She showed no restraint for her behavior and her actions were very childish. Whether she agreed or not she had no right to tell me to get over it and her actions only escalated the situation. It was very hurtful to be treated that way.
LIFE SAVER! - Normally what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, but this one I will leak out to you.  Went with the wife to enjoy a week of uninterrupted fun and relaxation.  Ended up lifting a bag wrong when I took it out of the car.  I think I twisted something that wasnt meant to be twisted.  By the second day my neck would barely turn, and the pain was prohibiting any activity.  Went to see Dr. Ormand without an appointment.  After the paperwork was done, I went in, he examined me, did something (I'm thinking it was some kind of magic/mystical secret) to my neck and back, and then had me iced down.  I walked out of there a new man!  Cant thank Doc Ormand and his staff enough.  If I lived closer, I would see him regularly.
Slooooooooowwwwww.  Today is the second time in two weeks that I've had to walk out of the waiting room because I just could not wait any longer.  It's like their health care plan is for you to sit in the lobby until you get better. I've seen others walk out as well so I wonder if they actually help anybody.   It's funny it's not that they're busy it's just that they're so slow nobody moves.
I would like to give John 10 stars if I could! Seriously, you will not find anyone better! He's extremely well trained and experienced at what he does. He knows his stuff. I've been going to him for 19 years now! I had injured my shoulder months and months ago. All it took was ONE TIME of going to see him to fix it. I kid you not! He does deep tissue massage, so he works apart all of your tendons (that stick together like spaghetti). He's amazingly talented, kind, friendly and fun to talk to. He always has amazing music on (feel free to make requests) and has incredible attention to detail, which means he's able to pinpoint your problem areas and fix them! He really cares about his clients. He can suggest better ways of sitting/standing at work, what is helpful for the body, adjustments to make for sleep. He's the king of teaching me how to stretch properly. He's helped many a friend and family member. Anyone I care about, I send to John. If you're lucky enough to have him work on you, you'll never want to go to anyone else! Phone him directly - you'll be glad you did! Happy Body = Happy Life!
I have been in pain for months. I had lost strength and function in my left arm due to a painful torn shoulder injury. I had went to my MD three times about this. He gave me some exercises that helped a little. I have a great MD. Then my MD referred me to PT. I went and that also helped a little. However neither helped more than getting 20 percent of my function back.  Then I went to Doctor Steve. In one visit I had 90 percent of my function back in my left arm. I could do simple things with my arm that I had not been able to do in months. This was a game changer. I now have my life back.
yes , of course 5 stars haha       Hope does exist.
Pain Stop has helped me with my back and neck pain.  The employees are wonderful and Dr. Pierce is terrific.  Everyone is genuinely concerned about how you are doing.  I recommend this place to everyone I know!
At first they seemed like an excellent choice, and then I started noticing their dirty billing tricks! A few patients came in demanding a reason why they were being billed twice by the DR. And their insurance company. I didn't believe it! Not until the office tried to do the same to me and stated I'd contact my insurance company to refund me what they were trying to charge. I called my insurer, who stated this was NOT how things worked. My Insurance rep contacted them for a refund for me, and reported them to the board.   They provided great service but their billing practices are very questionable...read the poor reviews, there's plenty of truth in them.
We've been going here for three years, and have visited for well visits, sick visits, and emergencies. The doctors and staff are always friendly and helpful. I appreciate that they have both a healthy and sick waiting room. They generally run on time and are organized and efficient. I have nothing bad to say at all.
Their big claim is that they have no PT techs and everyone is a PT. I actually find this to be a big negative. I get one hour shared with another patient to do exercises and very little manual therapy from the PT on my injury and instead mainly exercise supervision and after that hour I'm dismissed. I have since gone to another facility where I get 30 minutes of the PT just working on my muscles and injuries before then going to my exercises which are supervised by a tech (it's not that hard that a tech can't help you).  Now I've returned to pay my bill at 360 and there's a charge and no one at the front desk can tell me why I'm charged that since they don't handle their own billing. Give me a break, not coming back.
It's really hard to find a chiropractor this good...  Truly a diamond in the rough!   I started visiting Dr Steve a few years ago, I was in constant neck and back pain, also suffering from headaches.  I also was on blood pressure medicine but I will get to that later...   I had visited several chiropractors before with average results, I never truly was in relief.  Once I stated visiting Dr Steve, I immediately understood that there is a difference between a good and a truly great chiropractor!  After a few visits to him, he suggested that my core muscles should be stronger to help my back remain in alignment.  I was also overweight and asked Steve if he would help me with a weight loss plan. He immediately put a plan into action to help me lose weight, now I am 63 pounds lighter, within my goal weight for my height and much more physically fit. To top it off,  I was able to stop taking the blood pressure medicine that I was on! My general physician went over my blood results and said I made huge improvements on cholesterol levels and my overall physical condition was excellent.  It's hard to think I started this path of improvement by visiting a chiropractor, but with Dr Steve he shows you that anything is possible!
How funny!!!  It says urgent care, but it's really not an urgent care. I'm seriously beginning to dislike Vegas even more than I did already. This whole city is filled with idiots that don't how to properly post or advertise.  I walk in with LOUD music blasting. Not something I want to deal with when I walk in feeling like death.  Can your "clinic" take down urgent care. Not only that but the girl at the front desk (excuse me, came walking up after I arrived standing there in music hell) didn't even offer me any services, or even gave me options. Very confusing and embarrassing walking into a place like that. You feel dumb and you just want to be looked at, because I've been sick for about 2 weeks now. So this was a lovely waste of time. Thank you!!
I have been going to Myocare for the last 2.5 years.  I found Melanie when researching treatments for TMJ (jaw clenching).  I experienced such relief through her intraoral massage and she taught me how to tend to it on my own. Since then, I have been seeing Adriana (because I like to go for massages on weekends) and I can't rave about her enough!  The perfect balance of expert massage and a caring touch.   You can bet I will be following them to their new location across the street!!!
I was having problems with my leg and lower back and had physical therapy to treat my symptoms. All progress was doing great, but my problem keeps coming back and again I got relief. It took time to get rid of me problems. The staff was friendly and very helpful
After I was introduced by the staff at the mall, they have examined me. They had seen that I was offset. And yes I was in major pain. I visited the office and was giving x-ray and later was giving treatment to make me fell like new again. I have not been going on routine basis but I need to go and its good meet with your DOC on a timely manner, just so your can be pain free and moving
I consider myself fortunate to have been a patient of Dr. Ken Fisher and his associates for over 25 years, spanning a move from two previous locations in Phoenix.  He has had his problems occasionally (including some office staffers he tended to trust more than he should have), but that doesn't change the fact that he is one of the most dedicated and knowledgeable medical professionals I have ever dealt with.  His current staff is top-notch as well, and he's always there when I have a problem that needs attention.
I was very pleased with the service. Stephanie is very professional and extremely nice. I left my appointment not only feeling great but with so much knowledge. I would definitely recommend.
So I was sent to St Luke's Tempe with chest pain. When I got there they said they were going to admit me. Then the doctor comes in and said I had a catherization in January which I did not have and I was in St luke Phoenix with the last month now they refuse to admit me. They did one enzyme check and it was negative but the issue is it could take 6 to 8 hours to be positive and they let me go home. That may be a huge mistake. Do t go there ever. I had pain went to another hospital and my enzymes were positive. If I didn't go to another hospital later that day I could be dead. What a law suit I have
I have nothing but good things to say about them. They work with multiple aspects of healing and they do their best to work with your budget and they don't do pressure sales like some Chiropractors do.
Helpful physical therapy, but staff members standing around, doing nothing but blathering about their ignorant political opinions is a major turn off. No one cares about your view on the federal administration or the " media bias", we're just here to get healthy, so maybe help a customer so the "guvment doesn't have to bring back your jerb". Literally no one cares about your Facebook politics, whichever direction you lean, so put on your adult pants, figure out what topics aren't appropriate for a work place, and just stop. Bummer that one routinely mean mugging employee can make an otherwise helpful experience so unpleasant.
Miss diagnosis and was shuffled in and out. I won't be coming back here again. People were nice but when the diagnosis is wrong, there is no point with a visit. Saw a PA and not a doctor.
Wish I would have read the reviews before I agreed to come here. What a waste of time waiting for the doctor! The computer sign in said he was on time! NOT even close. It's like a huge motor vehicle type process. Check in, get a pager, wait in the enormous waiting room and feel like cattle. The good part was the doctor was very patient and explained my injury well.
I really enjoy this clinic n staff. The are prompt when arriving. They answer all my questions. They do an awesome job. Great medical office!!!
Great medical practice.  I have thyroid issues and need to see this doctor on a regular basis.  Here is some great items I like: 1. Calls to confirm apointments a week in advance. 2. They answer the phone. 3. They can look up my info and email me.   4. Professional group of individuals that work here.   I don't know about you, but my past experience is that it is hard to get prescriptions at my regular doctor filled, or someone on the phone.  Glad these guys stepped it up and seem to be on the ball.  Keep up the great work!
Dr. Bui has been my doctor for many years, and he is the best most caring doctor I've ever had. He gives you time, TLC, and remembers details, but he has been very accurate in his diagnosis and very concerned about the treatment details.
Horrible experience.  The Dr. was arrogant and didn't provide a solution for my health care needs.  The other staff was great.  My wife has referred more than a few people to use them for medical needs.  I felt the Dr. judged me and made me feel as if my needs were the last thing on her mind.  Hope others get a better experience than what I did today.
I'm unimpressed. Every time I go to this clinic, there are different staff and doctors. The doctors all seem really young, are probably just out of school, get some experience and move on. No one is friendly, communication is minimal, the waits are long, and the waiting area is dirty. I did witness a good deal of respect for an elderly patient, which was nice to see. Aside from that one good point, I don't have much use for this place.
This review is for Paige Family Practice, not for the doctor. I found this place from my insurance website and was calling for the doctor to do a physical. When I got here, I was very swiftly looked over by the PA. To be fair she did add on additional blood tests when I mentioned my concerns, so that's good.  The follow up visit to draw blood was terrible. I'd made an appointment, and still had to wait almost 30 minutes. There wasn't that many people at the practice, so I don't know if they're just inefficient or what.  I was only able to obtain my test results by calling them a dozen times. Don't bother calling them, they will not answer. I will be looking for another doctor.
So I've had sciatica pain for about a month now...going in and out, some days I can barely get up. I called yellow gazebo yesterday morning to inquire what they could do for me at which time we decided to try a massage with Andrew, which was available yesterday evening. First, the place is very nice and welcoming; yellow IS my favourite colour so I'm a bit biased there, but its easy to find thanks to the painted yellow bike out front. Andrew was ready for me when i got there and was really attentive and listened to my complaints. He then proceeded to do a very thorough and strong massage of my butt and hamstrings to release my sciatica. I got off the bed feeling a bit sad because the pain was still there, and still quite strong. However, I decided to walk home and my back finally feels better today!! Like, I was able to put on my pants without sitting on the bed! I know it will be a process but at least I know who to see when my muscles get tight again.  Thanks for not being creepy!
Worst customer service. I have 4 foster care children and took them in to be seen for a rash. We were treated like trash to the point where i had to speak up and the front desk lady told us to get out and never come back
Dr. Guilford and her staff are Amazing!  The treatment has provided relief to my daily discomfort.  Each visit is an uplifting experience, from a practice that treats you like family, to the way you are greeted upon your arrival.  Dr. G not only explains what  she is doing, but why.  I felt a decade younger during the first month.
Very nice clinic...computers are all from Apple doctors are very patient and knowledgable. Five star, will revisit!
Excellent Pilates studio. Vanessa leads and guides very well. She caters to the individual and watches to be sure you understand and that form is correct. But, it's not in an intimidating way. I've had instructors watch me in the past so intensely that it ruins an experience. But it's just not like that here. And Mae is just awesome as well! She challenges me! And I love it!
I love Dr Frye! I've been coming here for years and have never had any problems. Him and his staff and very knowledgable and they have a very clean, well taken care of office.
This is my review from a past experience that I'm adding to Yelp since it is not reflected here...  If I could give them 0 stars, I would. For starters, the physical therapists are terrible. I ultimately had to go back to my doctor, who referred me to another doctor, who put me back in PT - a real Physical Therapist this time. The real PT (not VibrantCare) was awesome.  Let's get into it: First day of PT, before I even start my session, one of the Physical Therapists is literally yelling (he was from New York) at another therapist. They got into a screaming match about having too many patients and not enough therapists. I should've left that moment when he said "we need to start canceling appointments, this is not therapy" (he was right). Anyways. After listening to their yelling match I was evaluated by an idiot. The guy clearly didn't know what he was doing. Anyways, he evaluates me and gives me a piece of paper with neck stretches to do at home. I ask "Is that it?" his response: "what do you mean?" My response: "These stretches only will do the trick? I don't need any sort of manual therapy, massage therapy, adjustments, or coming into the therapy?" him: "oh yeah... come here 3 times a week for 4 weeks"... Idiot.  That first 4 weeks was ridiculous. So the new yorker therapist was my therapist - I never saw the evaluator after day 1. They fired the new yorker after week 1 for his antics on my day 1. After they fired him, I never saw the same therapist more than once. So I had to go over everything from start to finish with each therapist each time. Needless to say, the shottyness of their therapy was not healing me. There was very very very little progress, but since there was some progress, my doctor extended my sessions another 6 weeks. 10 weeks total. After 10 weeks, my doc said "look, you should've been healed - I'm going to refer you to a spine specialist". The spine specialist referred me to a different doctor, who referred me to another Physical Therapy place. Within a couple weeks of manual therapy, massage therapy, and real exercises that strengthened my core and my back, I was healed... Unlike the stupid neck stretches that VibrantCare had me do.  Here's the kicker... after VibrantCare racked up all these bills and billed my medical insurance, they sent me a bill. I tried calling a lady named Lisa, who is, according to their messaging system, the accounting rep for Arizona. I left 4 voicemails with Lisa. No call back. Needless to say, after a few months of invoices, and me calling them and leaving voicemails, they send me to collections. I called again and asked to speak to Lisa's Supervisor... "Lisa who? who is Lisa?" These people are amazingly idiotic. Apparently Lisa doesn't exist. So I deal with a lady named Miriam. I explain the bad service, arguments between therapists, shotty treatments, and how I had to go elsewhere to get healed, etc... to which she said "well you still were treated so you owe the bill" I said "no, I wasn't treated... the new place treated me and healed me... you guys simply billed my insurance for nonsense". Ultimately, I paid the bill after she confirmed everything I said and still said "yes, everything you said was validated, but you still owe the bill".  So I told her "ok, I'll pay the bill, but I'm going to leave negative feedback" to which she threatened legal action if I left negative reviews. I said "Ok, have your lawyer contact me then, because I as a consumer can leave any negative feedback about your terrible service"  There's more to tell, but I'm tired of typing.  *sigh* *deep breath* So... needless to say, These guys suck!
The providers and staff here are hands down awesome! My Old PCP skipped town without notice, I expected to wait a day or so to get in but I got an appointment the same day I called. The office location is very clean, neat and quiet.  This made me feel vey comfortable. The P.A., Kayla is very attentive, professional, caring and considerate. On top of that she helped me kick smoking to the curb. I was very satisfied with my care and treatment that I made an appointment for my husband the next day. He is very hesitant when it comes to seeing any doctor,  he received the same great  treatment and felt at ease when speaking to Kayla. She was very thorough during the visits and just made us feel very confident in our choice to have her as our new physician. We had our labs done there in the office and all the nurses were so kind. I recommended Kayla and Dr. Shah to all our friends and family and will continue to do so to anyone. Also as a major plus, Kayla was so very sweet and very helpful with finding a great Peds Dr for our daughter. We didn't have any issues with the billing and the whole visit was very pleasant!!!
I go to the Ahwatukee office and staff is always friendly. Yes, you have to wait well past your appt time, but its not much better no matter where you go.  My problem comes in reviewing results of any labs, test, x-rays that are done to you.  I had labs done about 2 months ago and it took them two weeks to call and give me the results.  I had a MRI done on my low-back as I was in excruciating pain and I had to call repeatedly to finally get a non-nurse to call me back on a Friday night at 6:30pm.  She had no idea what she was reading and I didn't understand if I had a problem or not.  I asked her to fax me the write-up which she did on Monday.  I took the results to my Physical Therapist for him to determine what was going on.  I fell about 6 weeks ago due to the numbness in my legs.  I thought I sprained my ankle, but after two weeks there was no improvement so I made an appointment.  The doctor sent me for an x-ray.  I went the same day.  I called EVFM to find out why I hadn't heard anything for 4 days.  They sent a message to the doctor.  4 more days, nothing.  I called again.  Still nothing.  I called again on day 15.  They said the doctor had reviewed the x-ray and it said there was no ACUTE fracture.  I asked if there was a non-acute fracture since my ankle was still not getting better.  She said, I should set an appt to see the doctor to ask him.  I could be walking around with a stress fracture and doing damage.  The injury happened 1.5 months ago and I still don't know what the issue is and these folks don't seem to care.  I'm definitely going to switch doctors.  If you ever need anything done outside the office; I'd suggest you go to an emergency room or Walgreens for their instant care.
I've been interning at Affiliated since September and I'm extremely glad I ended up getting a call back from them. This clinic is the epitome of what healthcare should be. It's filled with such genuine and caring employees, ranging from Destiny at the front desk to Robert, Sarah, Jason, and Robyn working with patients. I love how they have a separate room specialized in pediatrics, and the kids love it too! It's always a good time observing here because you can tell everyone loves their job and what they do, and it shows through how they treat their patients.
Been a patient, along with my family of Dr S. for a very long time and will continue to do so.   "Cold as a reptile" is an unfair characterization of the Dr Swenson we've known and experience.  Time efficient yes, he also runs a more modern computerized practice - yes. Friendly and happy staff (says everything) - you bet.  This doctor knows his stuff, listens and processes what you are saying very well, he stays medically current, and he gives treatment options with his recommendations as expected. You get the what and the why. I've always felt his care was collaborative to our family needs and he or staff has actually checked up on us when appropriate to the condition.  He has made specialist referrals that have been top notch. Healthcare has been under a lot of restrictive changes to drive down costs, but there are doctors like Dr. S do their very best to provide the best healthcare services when you need it the most.
Best clinic I have ever been in. THE BEST. Had to go in during my 1 hour lunch break and was really nervous that I would have to be late coming back. NOPE! Was in and out way before my 1 hour ended. That's seriously impressive considering that it's flu season and during a usually busy time.   The staff was wonderful, efficient, always walking around getting things done. Not one person was sitting around chatting (as that's usual at many other clinics I've been to)The doctor was very nice and friendly and thorough.   Definitely coming back here if I ever need to.
I don't see a Yelp listing for TOCA's MRI imaging suite 106 in the Biltmore Medical Mall, so just going to drop my review here.   This was by far the easiest MRI experience I have ever had (my previous 3 were open MRIs, never closed).   And this is coming from someone who is extremely claustrophobic.   Dr. Huston, my spine doctor over at the TOCA Tempe location insisted on closed to get a better view of my vertebrae and discs.   Ok fine, dude. You had better be able to provide some type of sedation for me because I promise you: I won't be able to stay calm in an enclosed coffin as a cacophony of lasers, shot guns, jack hammers and record scratching plays on.  Got 20mg of Valium. Thank goodness.   After TOCA got the authorization from insurance, making the appointment was easy. Anything from night to weekend appointments are available. I took the first available on a Tuesday morning (11:15 on 9/26) to conquer my fears. Just rip the dang band aid off.   Some of the things I can remember:  1) Signing in with Letty at the front desk, paying the copay, going back to change into scrubs and stuffing my purse and clothing into a locker.   2) A woman (unfortunately don't remember her name) putting ear plugs in my ears, putting a blanket over me and covering my eyes with a washcloth. Much appreciated.   Some things I was informed of after time traveling on the benzo highway:   1) It took less than 40 minutes to complete, an all-time record for my MRI and injury history. I know a previous spine MRI and knees for meniscus and femur injuries took close to 2 hours.   2) I learned through my husband that the MRI technologist (unfortunately don't remember his name or anything else because I was borderline Lindsey Lohan high, I feel horrible for this) was extra rude with him when he asked if it was OK for to be in the room.    Look I would have been fine without him in the room. And with the sedation I had no clue who was there. I understand having to wait for Andrew to fill out forms slowed your job down, but please learn to have a little empathy for not just your patients, but their family members too.  Overall, hassle free experience.   If you have the opportunity to book your MRI through TOCA vs. an off-site radiology location, I recommend it.   Hopefully I won't have a reason to.
Therapist are good people, company horrible. My daughter has cerebral palsy and I have been waiting for disability and medicaid to give me an answer if they will help me with her medical bills. I have private insurance but need help with deductibles and copays. I owe My Left foot approx $400 and they are not willing to wait for response or on a payment plan, they have also denied therapy for my daughter until paid in full. Last week I received a noticed from them from small claims I am being sued. These people are in business for the money don't really care about the children's needs.
Dr. Peter Reed is wonderful! He is my primary care physician and takes great care of me. His staff is wonderful and I never wait more than 10 minutes to see him. Whenever I am in his office he is very polite, attentive, and really cares about my health and well being! After every visit he always makes sure to answer every single one of my questions and never rushes me out. When I am in his care I feel very safe and comfortable. I highly recommend him!
DO NOT GO HERE. Nurse Practitioner Tammy Collander was rude and inconsiderate when I told her I was in a hurry and could not afford the time for "quizzes" on my medication symptoms. She lied on my medical chart saying that I was "withdrawing" from a medication I do not even take! She also lied about the ability to blood test at their location and when I arrived to pick up my referral for Quest, they made me wait 30 minutes, ran around in confusion, then referred me to another doctor. The manager DeAnn Tucker was extremely rude and unprofessional and refused to listen to me about my issue with Collander. I have been going here for years and ever since they lost Bertoli, no one knows what's going on and the place is an absolute MESS. AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
Elements on Shea gives the most amazing massages I have every received.  I get massages quite frequently.  I was tired of going to places where I got backrubs rather than true deep massages.  I've seen multiple therapists at Elements and I am constantly amazed at their knowledge and skill.  I've tried Jennifer, Dave, Emily, Jesse, Chad and would recommend them all.  They give a great deep massage and each have their own technique and specialties that help work out a different spot. These therapists have  great skill and experience compared to some of the other places I've been around town.  After a while, I became a member and now get regular massages for $59.  Just can't beat that for a consistently great massage and great relaxing overall experience!
I have been coming here for awhile. The only reason why I go to this doctor is because of Becky . She is awesome !! The rest of the business works like this.. receptionist are rude !! They forget to do stuff like fax paperwork to insurance companies. They lost papers out of my file !! The doctor rushes you out so they can make more money. They don't really care about how you're feeling. They don't figure out what's wrong the first time so you can come back the second time to spend more money !! Very unorganized!
I am a patient of Dr. Barrettoko's...  I have had much experience with doctors as I am 60... I have some horror stories of doctors that I somehow wound up seeing, and one or two I was truly blessed to find, and I'm happy to report that she is one of those.  She is super knowledgeable, super caring, and super disciplined and organized... and of all the doctors I see, the wait for her is usually the shortest of them all.  She is a very fine doctor.
My insurance was dropped, but I still wanted to continue to see Dr. Loo. Even better, I think they now take my new insurance.
Dr Vipul is awesome he really listens to what is wrong and really explains . He is by the best dr I've had I am happy that I found a dr I can trust and cares for his clients! Great job dr! Keep up the great work! God bless!
They had me waiting in the lobby over an hour and half past my scheduled appointment time and I wasn't even seen. When I asked them how much longer I would have to wait they said they couldn't provide me with a time and that I would have to "wait and see." This was a terrible experience for a family practice. Do NOT recommend new patients like myself to come here.
I highly recommend AZ Therapeutic Associates!  I've been working with Casey, and she gives the best massages I've ever had.  Their facility on 32nd Street is also excellent:  clean, calming, and aesthetically pleasing. Casey is also skilled in meditation and yoga, and her extensive knowledge of all these disciplines makes her massage a truly holistic experience.  Knowing Casey's high standards and her pursuit of excellence, I'm confident that her associates are also high calibre professionals.   They do corporate work as well, and they've been recognized for their high level of customer satisfaction.
Stay away from this doctor and don't believe to all of these good reviews. He buys these reviews for $5 Starbucks gift cards. This doctor wants only money and don't care about your health. He is looking for most expensive ways of treatment. He pushed me to surgery trying to get more money from that. Thanks God, I found another much more professional doctor who can solve my problem without making holes in my belly and  leave scars on my body for the entire live.
Dr Wu is not just an expert in treating patients who are involved in an auto accident, he is also a specialist in helping me throughout my pregnancy.  He help correct and keep my spine and pelvis in line, making it possible for an natural and easier delivery of my son.  Now Dr Wu is making sure both my son and I are living our life pain free and to the fullest with routine care.
Terrible care, no one comes when called and needed.  Never use this rehab center!  Takes forever to get anything done, eg;  meds, breathing treatments, etc....patient beware!
I have been going to Dr loo since I've moved to Phoenix nearly fifteen years ago. My husband now uses him as well. We have always had great service and a great experience. Today was unfortunate. I called to reschedule an appointment and was treated very rudely on the phone by Andrea. This could be just a one-time thing but I was pretty shocked as I've always experienced great customer service in the past.
I was introduced to Dr. Petrick 5 years ago when I walked into his office with a tennis injury.  The moment I met Dr. Petrick and his staff, I felt welcomed and comfortable and immediately appreciated their genuine concern and attentiveness.  Since my first appointment, I have continued to have complete confidence that any injury that befalls me he can fix, and he does.  Dr Petrick keeps me healthy and strong and most importantly, on the court!  He truly is a gifted and caring doctor, and a wonderful and caring individual.  I highly recommend him.
I have a bad shoulder. I have been working with Ryne and now with Alyssa. They are awesome. PT stands for pain and torture and Ryne is a muscular guy and he went to town on my partially frozen shoulder to get my range of motion back.  They have a really cool program with Alyssa doing personal training.  She works with you to get you in shape. Part of the deal is access to the facility during all open hours. That is a nice option as you can go in anytime and work out. Ryne will be walking by and correct what I am doing as I am working out on my own.  The facility is well equipped. The space is spacious. The staff members are friendly, competent and care about you. It is making a huge difference in my health.
Dr Davis and his staff are amazing.  Always friendly greetings when you arrive, they stay on top of the schedule too.  My smile was less than appealing ( I always brushed and all that, but my teeth were not straight). Now just a little more than a year with Invisalign, my smile is amazing.  I would highly recommend this for anyone.  Thank you wonderful smiles!
I came to Dr Johnson right before my Ironman with knee and ankle pain. Not only was he able to help me so I didn't need to miss any training, but I was able to complete my race pain free! He is absolutely amazing and I would HIGHLY recommend him to any friend. Top notch doc!!!!
Note: Before I decided to write here, I tried the "Contact Us" part of the Core Instutues webpage.  Which was not working since putting in the required information, including the re-Captcha number, resulted in the page continually asking for a new re-Captcha number to be entered.  I went to Core Insitute because my knee went out and I could not get into my regular doctor for a week and because previously the West Thunderbird office was awesome when my son broke his ankle.    My appointment at the Union Hills/I-17 office was for 9:15 and I arrived at 8:50. Additionally, there is a large whiteboard with the doctors names handwritten and at that time the words "On Time" were written next to every doctors name.  When I got there I was a little disappointed with the stairs up to the front door since I was on crutches.  They do have a handicap ramp, which I ended up using, but it is very long.  Considering other than upper body injuries, the majority of patients have trouble walking!  When I walked in I was surprised to see the way patients were checked-in and called to the window, via a remote which vibrates, similar to what you would get at a restaurant.   I went to the window and turned in my paperwork, was told to sit and wait for xray.  Waited some more and then the remote went off to be taken back to xray.  The tech originally said they wanted me to bend my knee for the xray - when I showed him it was so swollen it wouldn't bend.  He was a little confused about what to do next, but then was able to take two xrays with me standing.  I went back to the lobby to wait some more.    The remote went off again and I was taken back to the room by Joseph.  Joseph asked if I was ok, or if I needed a wheelchair.  I told him I was ok for now... little did I know that I needed to go to the opposite end of the very large builidng.  After I got into the room, Joseph said he was going to get me a wheelchair for the trip back because it was obvious I was in pain.  I waited a few more minutes and Dr. Chiang came in.  He was not extremely personable, but not rude.  He looked at my xray and said "there's arthritis"... which I knew, but I was concerned about the recent injury.  I told him that my knee cap went out place and back in, but he wasn't listening.  It took me telling him a second time what happened before he said "oh, I should order an MRI then".   I tried showing him the brace I was wearing at the time of the injury and he did not even look at it, but then said that I need to wear the brace all the time.  I again said the brace was on when the injury occurred and even if I wanted to wear it, I couldn't because of how swollen my knee was.  He then said he could drain the fluid or give me a cortisone shot.  I asked which would be better??  He gave me some reason about not draining it because it was a larger needle and could get clogged, etc.  So he did a cortisone shot.  As soon as the shot was done he said "see you after the MRI" and walked out to go directly into the room next to me.  As I walked out of the room... no wheelchair waiting for me, and no one was around.  I started the long walk back to the front on my crutches.  While halfway down the walk, I saw Joseph with another patient and he says "bye, have a good day".  Nice enough, but he totally forgot the wheelchair and even seeing me did not trigger the memory!  I walked out feeling as though he was not listening to anything I said, since it was mutliple times to tell him what happened and pointing out how swollen my knee was.  I told my sister, who drove me there, that it was a terrible experience, I felt like he was not listening to anything I was saying, I don't even think he put the order in for the MRI, and he just moved down the production line to the next patient.  I was correct about the MRI.  The order was never placed.  There has been no follow up or concern about me, but my insurance was billed within two days!  I am not happy with the service, or lack of it, that I received.
If you want to be treated and rehabbed with the quality and care that a professional athlete would receive, look no further. Dr. Boothe is an incredible guy with an extensive knowledge of progressive techniques  to get you back to where you want to be. Dr. Boothe has treated me for everything from a torn pectoral muscle to a strained hip flexor. I notice immediate improvements in whatever area he is treating right after the first treatment. Be treated like a pro, see Dr. Boothe.
My wife felicia is taking our son Richie to a pediatrics therapist at T.E.A.M 4 KIDS for speech therapy and occupational therapy and physical therapy and I have seen so much progress in my son.I'm so happy that my wife has chosen to take our son to  T.E.A.M 4 KIDS I highly recommend anyone who is in need of therapy for their children to give Team 4 kids a chance to work with your child. I give a thumbs up to all the therapists
Dr. Foltz is a great chiropractor/physical therapist for any type of person, especially athletes. As a powerlifter, I've learned to lift smarter to avoid injuries and correct problems I've had through his knowledge. I no longer have any shoulder or hip related pain that I used to have, and only check in when necessary. Dr. Foltz and the rest of the staff provide effective treatments in a very friendly and comfortable atmosphere.
After years of lower back pain I finally decided to do something about it.  (That and I totally hurt myself working out Sunday.  FAIL!!)   I was referred by a friend to go see Josh at Carolina Sports Clinic and I was nervous.  Chiropractors scare the living day lights out of me, but I knew I needed to go.  So I took the plunge and made an appointment. One thing is for sure,  I was sceered.    First off, they have two locations.  One in Blackney and also one is SOUTH PARK.  Don't be like me and go to the Dilworth office location.  They moved to South Park.  The South Park location is located within the new Try Sports athletic store.  (721 Governor Morrison St, 150 for reference)  Josh is only at the South Park locale on Mondays but is in the Blackney location the rest of the week.    Now...my experience with Josh A.K.A... magic hands:  I felt SUPER comfortable.  He educated me on muscles, the anatomy of human bodies and he always explained everything he was doing.  He wants to HEAL you...not just treat the symptoms of pain.  His goal is to get you in there, heal the problem over a course of visits and then get you to never have to see him again.  THAT, my friends, is awesome.  He worked his magic and dug his thumbs into my back. It hurt but it felt good all at the same time. Never once did he pop and crack me.  Just muscle therapy.  I highly recommend Josh Kollmann with Carolina Sports Clinic!!
This review is specifically for Dr. Ruggeroli.   He spent 10 minutes with me and seem to only stare at the computer during the entire appointment.  I was in horrible pain after having a surgery 6 weeks previously.  My surgeon sent me to pain management because he though I had nerve damage.  I could not sleep and the pain was so bad I though about ending my life.  Dr.  Ruggeroli was arrogant, rude and dismissive.  He told me to take tylenol.   4 weeks later I ended up in the emergency room with a life threatening abbcess that the previous surgeon had missed.  I spent a month in the hospital on morphine and iv antibiotics.  I almost died. Dr. Ruggeroli needs to either get further training in pain management or sensitivity training communicating  with patients. He just doesn't seem to care unless you need a expensive procedure that he can perform in the surgery center.  He is the reason physicians have poor reputations about only caring about how much money they can make.  He should retire or changes careers.
Reducing back and side pain is very important to my quality of life, so that I can continue a reasonably active lifestyle. I've been to physical therapy at least 5 times in my life so I have a feel for what is important. I did quite a bit of research for finding the best physical therapist for me in the Mesa area. I even had a paid evaluation done by another physical therapist who had the kind of credentials that I was looking for. However, I really desired to have more 'active' involvement by the lead DPT in my regular treatment. Then I found this place, where the lead DPT, Eric, had better credentials. It was clear that he would be actively involved with my treatment. I have been there for 4 sessions and I am extremely impressed with his knowledge and skill. I'm so glad I am going there! I'm already seeing some improvement, and Eric keeps adjusting the treatment and exercises based on what he detects in muscle checks and my reports on my issues during the time between appointments.  Eric is the best!
Dr Perales was able to get my mothers condition under control the first time when the previous doctor didn't diagnose it correctly.  She is doing so much better thanks to Dr Perales who took the time to listen to my mother.
I love TOCA Phoenix! The staff is always friendly and very helpful. I have been going to see Dr. Zoltan for my bad knee. He started me on cortisone injections and then we went to those gel injections. You get four, one every week and they reallt help. Dr. Zoltan is so warm and fuzzy and very professional. He has been "doctoring" for many years and personalty is exelmplary!
I found Function Pilates through Groupon last year and I am so glad I did!  Every instructor I've had has been wonderful and I love the personal attention you get in the small group setting.  Every class is different with plenty of variety to keep you motivated.  If you enjoy pilates, I would highly recommend Function Pilates.
thanks to you Dr Adamu for your great and powerful love spell you did for me to bring my lover back to me, i never believed real spell caster still exist till i came across your email , (adamuspiritualtemple@gmail.com) has really prove to me that he is a great and powerful love spell caster among others i can say he is the best after William my husband came back after he left me and our son to be with another woman who works with him in same office , but with the powerful love spell from Dr Adamu my man is back to me again after 2 years of separation , i m going to say that anyone who has any kind of relationship or marriage problem or breakup, heart break divorce, issues should also contact this great man today Dr Adamu via his   Email adamuspiritualtemple@gmail.com  Whatsapp him or call ; +2349054914348
The website descriptions and advertising is purposely misleading. I had bought the wrong item because the picture they showed was not what I was sent. I had called to try to return the item, but the staff said I would need to pay the shipping, and the restocking fee was a huge percentage of the item itself.   Thus I was forced to order from them again to complete the item that I had wanted to begin with. But the items were shipped separately, and the second part did not arrive until 2 months later. Once I tried to assemble the parts, the rubber band just snapped.   The price may look good, but the hassle in dealing with them is quite agonizing, extended, and the frustrations only end with a dysfunctional item.
Was in Vegas.  Enjoying the sights and sounds of this amazing city.  Suddenly after dinner the GF had a terrible stomach ache.  She didn't look well.  Asked the hotel if there was an after hours doctor.  They pointed us to Concentra, so the horror began.  We arrived at the 3rd world facility.  People there were a bit scary.  Right in front was a placard w/ prices.  $98 to see a dr.  $149 for tests.   Thankfully they accepted health insurance.  We put our name down to see a dr.  It was then we noticed really upset lady.  She said she had been there since 5pm.  It was currently 9pm.  She was waiting for the Dr to give her her perscription.  An hour goes by, nothing.  Another goes by nothing.  I get annoyed and ask the nurse repeatedly what is going on.  In this time two other patients give up and leave.  One tells me that the typical wait here is 3hrs.  My gf was in pain.  Didn't want to see what happened tomorrow.  Long story short.  They only have one dr there at a time.  So they are terribly overworked.  Dr is the one writing the report.  He was also the one calling other facilities.  He was also doing google searches for symptoms.  He was a one man show.  We didn't get out till 1:30am.  a 4.5hr wait.  I'm never going there again.
My experience with Sawana was absolutely one of the best experiences I have had. Her professionalism from beginning to end is wonderful. She asked exactly what I wanted and was looking for in a massage and did just that. After surgeries and then a car accident I have been a bit beaten up and a massage by Sawana was exactly what I needed! She is not only an experienced and knowledgable massage therapist, but also one of the sweetest people I have met. From the moment I stepped foot in her room to the second I left, she was kind and sweet and made me feel comfortable and relaxed. I loved her so much I bought a massage for my sister for a gift! I would recommend Sawana to anyone!
Much better than what we were expecting! Doctor checks on patients almost everyday. CNA'S promptly came to every call nicely and were helpful. Rooms were kept clean. Food was good, more variety & has an alternative if you wanted something different. Rooms were a bit outdated & small, but it was comforting to know they really do room checks every hour. However, 2 patients to a room can have its own downsides. You also may have to remind staff to turn them more often to prevent bed sores. PT & OT were good. This place was accommodating for our visiting hours before & after normal visiting hours.
The doctors spend barely any time with you after making you wait forever then rush you out without hearing you out. The staff is incredibly abrasive, and unhelpful.
This place has caused me a lot of trouble. They opened newly and are extremely disorganized. Firstly, the walk-in reception staff is RUDE. But most importantly, this is what they did to me: I went into the clinic and was asked to take a test. Two weeks later I get a call saying all samples were contaminated and I have to take the test again. I did. Now, only after consistently following up with them for three weeks, they give me my test results. Five weeks lost here, when I am suffering a lot. And only because of inefficiency. There's no way the results would have taken over 5 business days based on the tests I took. Then I go to follow up on results and they tell me I need a specialist. Now I've been following up about getting the referral for three weeks, and they haven't yet responded.  So if you really need some attention, don't go here. If you have generic flu etc, then sure, go ahead. But be prepared to wait for a long time in the wait lines.
Took my husband there for a work related injury and they are So kind and let is know right away it could fake a while. But it took less time then they said. Awsome people thank you
Love this place had a bad back and mr Paul fixed it right up. I would recommend this place to all my friends and family
I'm still waiting on eval results from the 1st of July, 2016.  The staff says they will contact the therapist and call back as soon as possible; they haven't.  This was not covered by our health insurance so I paid for the session and I have nothing to show for it. No explanation of delay, no response, no results.
Stellar service with a smile! As a Healthcare Consultant, my work travels have taken me to Urgent Cares around the USA whenever I get sick.  Never before have I been given the correct medication and been examined so thoroughly as here at home at this very Urgent Care! Banner is the place to go!
The walk-in doctors I have met (Dr. Grewal and Hussain) were attentive, knowledgable and very caring. But I was appalled by the receptionists and some trainees that seemed to have placements there. When I went to get a regular blood test done for a school requirement, a nurse trainee failed to insert the IV properly into a vessel and kept giggling during this unsettling situation, while the needle was still in my arm. She continued to giggle and said I should relax while moving the needle around trying to locate the vein in my arm. I told her i'd be glad to get this done elsewhere if she felt uncomfortable but she refused, kept trying, and blamed my apparently small veins. Her mentor (?) took over after seeing her struggling, which made the situation proceed smoother.  After I called the receptionists to request for my vaccination record, they scanned what looked like a part of my clinical summary (not an official record) in a slanted angle and didn't include any letterhead or any official identity of the clinic. Instead, a cut-off URL was included at the top right corner of the pdf. They seriously could not care any less. Why waste your talented doctors with such poor staff?   Go to another clinic to save yourself the headache and traumatizing needle poking.
It would be very hard for me to give any Bikram Studio a bad review, because no matter what, if it is a place you can go and practice, it's good. But I will say this one is a bit different then what I am use to. It's pretty big and well lite, and there is a stage in the front where the instructor stands and they use a microphone to guide the practice. Which again, is all fine, just different, and every class I have attended was still wonderful, and I left sweaty and peaceful....the only drawback is, you never get a foot massage during the back strengthening series, which is understandable in a class of 50+ people.
Scottsdale Family Health on Osborne is among the worst medical offices in all of AZ.  The general office and reception staff are the rudest and most unhelpful medical professionals I have every met.  It shows in their attitude and manners that they do not care about their patients and they are not there to help you.  The office has policies that make it near impossible to obtain hand written prescriptions in time for you to get a refill before running out of medication.  They have no phone answering or messaging service so you are not able to call or leave a message before 8:00 AM or after 4:30 PM (Many times I called right at 8:00 and  up to 10 minutes after and they still did not turn on their phones.)  If you need a hand written prescription you must call and leave a message because you cannot contact the doctors assistants directly, you also must call between 8:00AM and 4:30PM or else you are not able to leave a message.  If you do leave a message for a prescription it takes 48hrs to get it written.  Example:  I have a controlled substance prescription that requires a hand written script every 30 days, I also must go into the office to pick it up as they will not mail or send to a pharmacy (that is Federal Law.)  You are also not allowed to ask for a new script more than 72 hours prior to you next available fill date (i think this is also federal law.)  So on Saturday I am 72 hours from my next available refill, however I am not allowed to call my doctor because they do not care about the patients enough to have a answering machine.  So I must wait until Monday to call to ask for a new prescription but I will not be able to pick it up for another 48 hours.  I arrived to the office 2 days later and they still have not written my prescription and the doctor and the assistant are out on their normal 1 hour and 30 minute lunch (hmm must be nice.)  The staff was incredibly rude and totally unhelpful, every time I tell them what my prescription is (I have been taking for more than 8 years) they look at me and treat me like I am a criminal.  I have no history of drug abuse, no convictions or trouble with law enforcement, and have never show signs of illicit behavior. This was the straw that broke the camel's back and I will be taking my business elsewhere.   At one point I broke a finger and asked for a pain med that was stronger than the Ibuprofen that was prescribed, Dr Lillo's response was "I don't think we should be prescribing that kind of stuff to someone like you."    While at first I generally had pleasant experiences with Dr Lillo and his assistant those quality visits became far and few in between over this last year and it became more and more difficult to obtain a new script each month.  Dr Lillo became stand-offish and would dismiss my complaints or questions about pain in my hip without looking further into the situation, he would just crack my back and tell me I would be fine.  Dr Lillo I am not fine and am in pain, I told you this many times and you continue to ignore my concerns 3 visits in a row.    Please do not make the mistake of making Scottsdale Family Health you service provider.
Two stars is generous, but the front desk administration staff was friendly and the office manager (Khyla Easler) was able to help me after begging to be connected.  Aside the fact that the doctors diagnosis and medical suggestions were incorrect and ineffective, this review is primarily to reflect the lack of courtesy and medical attention required of a professional medical group.  I had to contact this office over 7 times while being transferred to hospitals, wrong offices or just flat out hung up on. I then left 3 messages for Dr. H's medical assistant (Anarelly) all in an attempt to get the results of my chest X-ray.   It took this office 6 weeks and me angrily asking for the office manager to finally get my results emailed to me. Radiology had reported my results to this office almost 2 months prior.  This is why malpractice exists. Stay away from this office- UMC has a quick care just up the road or Dr. Thomas Alfreda with internal medicine is fantastic!
Dr. Sharma is very knowledgeable and diagnosed my cough professionally. He prescribed to me 2 medications, and the next day I felt a whole lot better. He also said that my small muscles in my chest will take an extensive amount of time to heal on their own, and reducing my coughing with the medication would help. It took a long time to see him, but it was definately worth the wait. I would recommend his services to anyone.
Friendly staff, always clean, and short wait time. I will keep coming back here for my walk-in needs
As a weekend warrior this is not my first visit to physical therapy. Foothills Sports Medicine was a pleasure to work with. Ted Carter knew right what to do to get my knee and shoulder back into shape in just a couple of weeks. Even though they have the earliest and latest hours i have ever seen I must have changed my appointments a million times and the office staff was always kind and understanding. If i get in a pickel again i will definitely be asking my doc to come back. Well done!
The facility is very clean and on the new side. Staff is friendly but overwhelmed and busy.  Try to be there for your loved one to help the staff figure out his/her needs in the beginning.  Physical therapy is good
Would give zero stars if possible. Def the most expensive office I've ever been to and I only went here in the first place because of the convenience to my work. They overbill you for everything and the receptionists are extremely rude. I called about a charge on my account and the receptionist hung up on me. I will Not be going back to this place!!!
Dr Jensen is absolutely the most skilled and caring chiropractor in Arizona  He is very good at diagnosis and his technique is wonderful and effective As a physician I am good at assessing another doctors skill level and  I highly recommend Dr Jensen!
After being diagnosed with a bicep tendon tear from playing tennis, my doctor recommended that I find a Physical Therapist who could help me rehabilitate my arm without surgery.  I searched around for options and ultimately was referred to Landmark Physical Therapy by a tennis friend.  I can highly recommended Landmark Physical Therapy and Mark and Jordan who helped me.  Both were very qualified and were good at explaining the physical therapy I needed.  In addition to the office treatments, they provided me a detailed set of exercises to perform at home.  After 6 sessions, I'm back to playing tennis again.  Thank you very much!  Al E.
The fact everyone at OSS are Brazilian Jiu Jitsu practitioners made my decision to go there a no brainer.  I could say what hurts when doing a particular movement and they knew exactly what I meant and knew what muscles I was using.    The office is great, laid back atmosphere.  Walking in, I was greeted by a very nice and friendly Vanessa, who had some awesome old school jock jams playing on the radio.  I injured my rib about 6 months ago, the pain had been nagging but bearable until recently.  Like everyone else in this world, I asked Dr.Google first and just been going to a chiropractor to get my rib adjusted back into place and call it good.  Dr. Jenni was amazing.  She actually found I had a very tight group of muscles in my back that were causing the pain in my rib- That stops my self diagnosing right there.  After sessions with Dr. Jenni, my back felt way more loose than previous, which took the pain out of my rib area that I've been feeling.  I'm actually excited I am able to sneeze or cough without having to brace my hand against my rib in fear of pain- I haven't been able to do that in months!  I would and will recommend OSS to anyone who needs to get fixed up- they got my support from now on in my Jiu Jitsu life long journey.
Extremely unprofessional service. Have called THREE times to get in to see a doctor I used to see and have never received a return phone call. Talk about bad bad business practice. AWFUL.
If you need therapeutic massage I can not recommend this place enough.  Their therapist is amazing.  I have a lot of issues from an accident several years ago, and he has really been able to give me a lot of pain relief.  Watch for groupon deals too but even without it is a good deal.
We went to see Dr. Johnston for the referral to see colonoscopy. He gave us a Dr. Sheldon Freed. So I called Dr. Freed and requested for colonoscopy appointment. They said they don't do the colonoscopy. So I called back to Dr. Johnston to get the CORRECT doctor who does the colonoscopy. He gave me a new one with the phone number. I called and requested for appointment. The number they gave me was Women's Well Care. They don't do the colonoscopy. I called the insurance company. They gave me the CORRECT doctor for the colonoscopy. Their management skills are poor. They have very strict rules/policy which was ridiculous.  Highly do not recommend him at all.
Seriously.... I like coming here for my regular checkups... Haven't had an issue so far but will update as time goes long. So far I have been vising since Feb for regular monthly checkups. (I just like to make sure I am in good health)  I was having issues with depression, ADHD, took him 3 months to iron it out. Now I am doing Great. Thanks Doc
Dr Fakhouri and Pat along with the nursing staff are exceptional. They always return my calls and work with our schedule to get us in when we need it. I can't say enough good things about them. It's a convenient location and we honestly don't end up waiting too long once we arrive. That's a huge plus for me personally. Have been a patient there for years and will continue to go there. Great job!
Boutiqe spa in heart of roncy.ibeen there for eyebrow shaping and facial.very very happy.great vibe and graet service.
My son and I visit Charlie Roberson at Park Hill. I have to wait a while most of the time for my appointment, but she takes a great deal of time with me (and sqeezes in walk-ins that need her help as well), so I understand and it's an even trade in my book.  However, wifi would make the wait more comfortable along with their current array of reading material in each room. She is very patient, concerned, gentle and understanding. Vitals are recorded at each visit including weight. She explains things with care until I completely understand. The office is always clean and the staff is awesome!
Stephanie is great, and the wraps help me so much to detox and keep me on track with my weight loss goals!!
Dr. Boothe is fantastic - HIGHLY recommend him!  Like many others on here - i cannot say enough good things about him.  If you are on the fence on going, just go - you will be glad you did.  For me, one of the best aspects about Dr. Boothe is his build and his precise motor control abilities.  I'm not a small fragile girl - I'm a 5'8" sz 6 girl that has some muscle on her.  I don't want a man or woman that is my size working on me and my muscles - it's practically pointless as they usually just don't have the strength.  Sure, it is about technique, no doubt.  But quite frankly, it's just easier for someone that is a larger build to exert the type of pressure that is sometimes needed for severe problem areas.  Dr. Boothe knows what level of pressure is needed and can easily exert this pressure yet can be gentle in areas that are sensitive; he has this mastered.  I've seen countless chiropractors (10+) over the past 15 yrs or so; I have a double curvature in my spine and have had chronic lower back pain for about 15 yrs or more.  I've also been to physical therapy (usually a waste), a number of specialists, etc.  For the most part, docs really can't do anything for my pain - I need to strengthen very specific muscle groups and change the way my muscles / nerves fire and react to my movements.  BTW, I lift weights, run, cycle, etc so i'm pretty active and fit....not just a couch potato (until game of thrones comes back on that is lol)  Anyways, Dr. Boothe is all about bringing movement to an area of concern, soft tissue manipulation (he probably has a more accurate medical term), active release therapy, proper form, and more.  I got more relief from one session with him than I have with any doctor i've ever seen.  No joke.  Grant it, I'm pretty well tender from the session, lol, but he's fabulous.  From a scientific perspective, when one's body is used to doing X for an extended period of time, sometimes one of the more effective ways to overcome this is to create an acute injury that elicits the healing cells of the body.  It kind of wakes up the body and triggers a cellular response for that particular area.  I'm pretty sure this is what is happening when Dr. Boothe does his soft tissue massage / breaking up the fascia, etc.  He's VERY good at modulating the pressure such that it's not too much but also to ensure sufficient pressure is being administered.  For me, this was about 8 times that of the deep massages i've received in the past and way more effective.  Stop reading and just book an appointment with him.  :)
Mark is awesome!  Having just went to foothills physical therapy (that place sucks), I am highly confident in physiotherapy. I would highly recommend them.
I could not be more disappointed with this care facility.  I saw Dr. Vojvodic.  We had such a pleasant interaction, not, that at the end of our appointment, she said, "you can go."  lol  like I was a child.  at least she said she wouldn't bill me for the visit, which was absolutely pointless!  the director of the facility called me after and wanted to understand the situation, which was nice, and offered that Dr. Vojvodic was willing to be my primary care physician if I was interested.  Really???  I expressed that if this was really the case, then Dr. Vojvodic should have had the audacity to call me back, and not someone else.  In reality, the phone call seemed as a way to smooth things over so I wouldn't leave a negative review about the practice.  If I am mistaken, and Dr Vojvodic really is apologetic, I wait for her call and I will modify this review.  However, I shall not hold my breath.  In addition to this, the facility was sub-par in my opinion.  I would definitely find another doctor.
This place is a pill mill...they are fraudulently billing Medicare for services and tests patients do not need and adding to the opiate problem in the country! Preying on the elderly!  STAY AWAY!!
I've been to this walk-in clinic several times. Even though they had really bad attitude and long waiting times, it was still endurable due to its convenient location. However today i had this Doctor with last name Lei for the first time, who's attitude really insulted me as a patient. I got there by 4pm today and when I finally saw Lei it was around 5:50 (they close at 6pm). Lei obviously seemed like he was ready to run home and didnt care a thing that I said and even questioned me why would I even be there with extremely rude attitude........... Worst doctor Ive ever seen or imagined seeing...
I was really nervous about having surgery I had to have a total hysterectomy my doctor ..doctor Fleury was a wonderful doctor as well my nurses Megan Abby and Deb are all wonderful and helpeful I'm so happy I chose this facility regardless to what some of the reviews say it's a wonderful place I would recommend them to anyone
Have been coming to see dr. Kim for some time now. The staff is always friendly and the office is immaculate. He is by far the best doctor I  have had in a long time. Very knowledgeable and he has a great bed side manner. Would highly recommend.
Dr Medeiros is a straight shooter and a very good doctor. He's always on time and gets right to the point. If you are considering an excellent doctor in the Scottsdale area, no reason to look anywhere else.
Ok its been awhile since I've been here but I was looking at reviews of another doctors office and this place popped back up.   The first time i tried to go here I was sick and called in to see if I could make an appointment. I was surprised when I was told they had an opening that very afternoon so I booked it. After waiting over an hour and a half AFTER my appointment time and AFTER I already paid my co pay I couldn't stand looking at the crowd in the waiting room GROWING and the same people that were there when I arrived also sill there. I walked out and went down the street to Walgreens Clinic and was in and out in under an hour.   About a year later I at the prompting of my wife I went in for a full check up as I really don't like going to doctors I hadn't  had one for many years. I knew the routine and fasted for a blood pull. The waiting room was not so full on this day but again I was made to wait almost 45mins AFTER my appointment time. When I was brought back I mostly dealt with the nurse and when the doctor did come in he mostly scowled at me and told me I needed to lose weight. I informed him I was actually working on that and I was down over thirty pounds so far. He said "You have a loooong way to go" Well thank you doctor... As he was walking back out the door in under five minutes I asked about the blood work. He said I had to come back in the next day. I informed him I had fasted that day and was ready and he simply said "Tomorrow" as the door closed behind him.  I came in the next day for a simple blood draw and guess what?! ANOTHER COPAY and ANOTHER 1hr15min wait.  I got a call almost two weeks after with results.   It's all about billing for these people. Herd them in and slaughter the insurance.    I am still looking for that great doctors office but in the mean time I can get better care at Walgreens than this place.
I would go to this doctor again. I was nervous because i have never had Male Gynecologist . But when i saw him in person he made me feel very comfortable. Arrived 20 min before my appointment to fill all necessary paperwork . After that i was in the room. Everything was quick and professional.
This place just gives me a bad vibe. It seemed disgusting, the doctor didn't seem like she was very confident with what she was talking about and she wouldn't look me in the face when she was talking to me which seemed very weird to me. They didn't do certain simple procedures you do at every checkup. Which my checkup I was going there to make sure my UTI which became a kidney infection was completely gone, since I couldn't get into my regular doctors office at the time. They didn't check my temperature, or blood pressure. They couldn't even prescribe me the medicine I needed because they were not an "actual doctors office." Would not recommend!
This has been my best PT experience. Jon is great at what he does. After 4 weeks I'm able to climb a flight of stairs without it feeling like torture.
The office staff are terrible.  They cannot get prescriptions called in timely and mess up and delay  referrals. You have to call in and hound the staff to get it done. Constant excuses. These issues have been reoccurring  and he has been told.  I have 3 family members that have been his patients and I've seen the same problems over a multiple year period. He is a nice enough man, but a doctor is only as good as his staff, therefore I cannot recommend.
I recently visited Center for Athletic Performance and Physical Therapy after dislocating my shoulder and tearing my labrum. I'd like to first point out I did not once work with an actual Physical Therapist. Each of the 4 visits I was placed with a different tech to walk me through shoulder exercises. Once they showed me the exercises rather than stay with me to make sure I was doing them correctly, they would walk away to help someone else. After finishing my exercise sets I would have to go find the tech to tell me what to do next, often waiting around while they helped someone else. At the end of my exercise routine rather than working with one of the physical therapists I was placed with a student every time! Again, I never once worked with an actual physical therapist. Since I was paying for physical therapy sessions, I wanted to work with an actual physical therapist which seems more than reasonable. I am not sure how they can claim to care about me or my injury if they think it is acceptable to run their office in this manner.
Two weeks ago I noticed via Martin Lewis's MSE website that anyone can trial a fitness centre near to them. So set about trying to locate one within the city that would suit.   Finally landing on one that looked like it might do what it says on the tin I opted for Nuffield Health. As I never knew there was a sports centre this far west in town and it was in my bus route, naturally it was the best choice.  I hadn't officially started working out this year, as running up and down stairs at work doesn't really count, I jumped at the chance not only get back to the gym, but also to review what a session at Nuffield Health is like?  Time spent in reception upon arrival was definitely shorter than at my last keep fit place a few years ago at Virgin. So in one way this gives you less time sitting about discussing the unique selling points of the centre, filling out paperwork and getting to know them, when sometimes all you want is to feel the burn.  It has a 12 point MOT that recommends you don't proceed with if you have eaten before or done any form of exercise, so I'll have to book that for another week; and it all sounds quite rigorous?  The facilities and layout are great not to squished like my local gym in Tranent, but  good enough for constant turnover in the two hours I was there. All the equipment worked, also there just the right amount of people in each of the two large workout rooms located at the top of the stairs to not make me wait at all, and keep the sweat on so's not cool down much.  1/2 day for some of the classes at weekends so didn't see what they were like. The quiet pool on arrival was fully stocked when the now burnt out shell of mine was in need if some h2O relief, so opted out of this; deciding instead to try out the food facilities.  Within 5 minutes I was enjoying a Berry Smoothy, Cajan Chicken Wrap and Coffee(approx. 10). The Smoothy was icy cool and slightly tart, coffee was Costa type, watery and warm. The chicken wrap was my second choice as they did not make any pasta chicken, which I prefer after a workout) but mild spicy it came with a green and mixed pepper salad, complimented with a nicely balanced vinegar type dressing(so many places miss this when leaves are shouting out for it)!  My only gripe is with the amount of grease that emerged from the wrap on trying to pick it up, so had to use the cutlery. Now it was not that significant greasy disaster as to merit leaving some evidence for Mulder and Scully, but less is surely better, especially due to location.  The 50/m may put some off especially since central gyms charge less than half of this, but I did see some signage within that did prompt at 25/m which for me would be better for my wallet.  Upper body workout(tick), 2k run(tick), 12 point MOT(to be booked), will "I be back"...Taking just over an hour from East Lothian in the direction of the Corn Exchange, wasn't too far out of the way, and only requires one mode of transport to get here? Also it has parking, gel in the showers incase you forgot to pack some and free wifi, just ask for the password at reception. I give it 4/5 stars for all mentioned above; possibly 5 when they add the revamped Sauna, coming soon.
My health is better because I have been coming to Vitality Health and Wellness for the last two years. I like that Dr. Christy Thomas is integrative and combines traditional medicine with alternative wellness approaches. For someone wanting to be proactive with their health I would highly recommend scheduling a consultation.
I went to Jennifer Mcmahon now Fontius for a few years as well as taking my elderly mother.   This is a doctor that will never make a decision on your health.  She will refer you to a gynecologist, a neurologist.  If your blood pressure is high she will not prescribe medication.  My mom's hospice doctor diagnosed me and said I should be on meds.  After confronting her with this,  Jennifer gave me a prescription and wouldn't give me refills unless I completely insisted without monthly visits.  If  a problem on a pap smear she will refer you to a gynecologist.  On an annual exam she will only discuss a pap smear and make a mammogram appointment.  I consider her to be a very poor doctor.  I have since changed doctors for my mother and myself and couldn't be more thrilled.  My current doctor isn't greedy.  Spent 2 1/2 hours on annual exam and gave me a year supply of prescriptions of High Pressure Medication.  My mom's current doctor makes decisions and has prescribed appropriate medication.  Overall, doctors are all different and I would not recommend this one.  Very Happy with mine and my mom's new competent doctors.  I would not recommend Jennifer McMahon (Fontius).
We were in town for a wedding and my back went out.  This place came up as close and had good reviews so I called.  They were able to get me in on short notice, minimize new patient paperwork because I had been under chiropractic care already.  They did my adjustment, gave me a massage, and then rechecked me.  Also gave  me some cryoderm for pain.  They got me back up and running. Would highly recommend the doc and his staff!
Wait time is ridiculous. Staff isn't the friendliest and the visit with the Doc is very rushed.
Place seems like a serious scam! I called to ask how long of a wait there is for a new patient. I was told they only accept new "functional medicine clients." I would need to pay $250 to get started and a crazy quarterly fee as well. Besides the fees they would bill my insurance. Mind you I never even said what my problem was that I was calling for. What a JOKE!!! Craziest first phone call I've ever had to a "professional doctors office"
I had a treatment with Faz today and it was among the best bodywork I've ever received.  He took his time before the treatment, asking me questions and conducting a thorough analysis of my body.  He gave me practical advice and exercises I can do on my own to help improve a couple of chronic problems.  He discovered things about my spine I never knew before but made so much sense in terms of my own experience.  The massage itself was really excellent, precise, and though sometimes painful, overall extremely enjoyable.  By the end, I felt amazing.  I have often felt disheartened that massage offers only a band-aid solution to chronic conditions; Faz is a diamond in the rough in offering an interactive treatment that will help you understand the roots of your problems and work towards real lasting change and improvement.  Highly recommended!
So I'm in the hospital with uncontrollable diarrhea and the nurses have an attitude there's on nurse I think her name was Gavigan she was the ignorant nurse I ever met. I was in the ER with chest pain of 9 in Ed for 6 hour with no pain medicine. When you hit the call light someone answers and it takes 20 minute hung up without saying anything she just hung up. This is the worst hospital. I needed bed mats so the nurse gave me some and mates and made me do it myself and it's hard with an I ve basically I would give this hop it's a negative if rate if possible even the public relations lady was ignorant. I'm done ranting. Oh when you put the light it's a good 20 minutes before you see anyone and this a dead hospital. I was talking to someone and some ignorant lady bust in to take my blood sugar
What a great place!  Professional / friendly staff, super convenient, and very affordable!  I live and work in the area and noticed that this place opened a short time ago.  I bookmarked it in my head because it looked like a small walk in doctor's office.  I woke up with a sore throat yesterday and decided the best thing for me to do was to go and see a doctor right away.  The last thing I want to do is make everyone around me at work sick.    I drove over there without an appointment and walked in.  When I walked in I told the man at the front desk that I wasn't feeling well and asked if I could be seen today and asked what the price would be.  He said he could get me in right away and the office visit cost was $39.  I had to double check with him that I was in a doctors office that could write me a prescription when he told me the cost of their office visit haha.  It's a family practice medical office that is ran by a nurse practitioner that does not accept insurance.    I met with the nurse practitioner and she diagnosed me with strep throat and wrote me a prescription.  She gave me the option of buying the antibiotics there for $20.00 or told me if I go to Costco that I could purchase the antibiotics for $8.00.  All in all each person I came in contact with there was very friendly, helpful, and professional.  I was in and out of there fast and easy and I was able to avoid giving everyone around me at work strep throat because I could get in to see a doctor right away.  Yay!
Been going here for the last couple months for my sporadic "destress" massages.  Amazing!  Listen to all your needs and give  you everything you want/need and nothing more!  Thx!
Dr Ford is very engaging and doesn't rush to judgement. The front desk not too friendly. I am a new patient and came in 5 minutes late. The front desk clerk didn't say hello just proceeded to tell me that I was supposed to be here early. I told her, there was an accident on 77. I didn't call because I was concentrating on getting to my appt on time. I figure five minutes wasn't too bad. Maybe she had a bad day, but I had to wait more than five minutes to be called.
Dr Koch and staff are awesome! I was able to get an appointment quickly following my car accident which left me in some back and neck pain. The office was warm and inviting. I love how each Dr Koch takes the time to explain each process of the assessment and the X-ray results. I always feel rejuvenated after each session especially love the massages.
Die Praxis Corpusmed liegt sehr verkehrsgnstig mitten in Stuttgart, erreichbar mit der U 14, U 2 und U 9. Die Praxis ist sehr gepflegt und das Zeitmanagement scheint 1A zu sein. Ich hatte zwei Rezepte ntig um meine Beschwerden in den Griff zu bekommen. Eine richtige Mischung aus craniosacraler Behandlung, Massagen und Dehnungsbungen machten mich beschwerdefrei. Hier geht man wirklich induviduell auf Probleme ein; nachdem die Sitzungen jetzt vorbei sind, ich fleiig meine bungen zu Hause mache die mir gezeigt wurden steigert das Ganze die Lebensqualitt immens, keine Kopfschmerzen mehr ausser nach durchgemachten Nchten. Hatte nun schon einige Male Krankengymnastik, die Praxis hat mir allerdings am allerbesten geholfen! Danke ans Team!
Took my one year old there had a high fever wanted about 30 minutes. They examined him said he had an ear infection . So today he woke up with a rash took him to his normal pediatrician was told he had no ear infection stop the antibiotics because he has rosieola. Our dr. Pretty much said those urgent cares just tell you that because you can't look into there ears as parents so if what my dr. Saying is true it's a big joke I will never go back to that place again not to mention there is no doctors there it's a bunch of people who just through antibiotics at people because they really have no clue
They were very easy to schedule and coordinate with my insurance  The staff and my physical therapist, Bill have been awesome. Bill is very attentive and pays close attention to all of the details in my care.
Gregor is the best! If you want a deep massage or have any muscular problem or injury, you won't find anyone better or more knowledgeable to fix you.  I had a bad hamstring pull which no one was able to fix. Gregor not only repaired the it my body has never felt better.  The other great thing about this place is the customer service. He is always on Te and the place is clean I will never be able to go any where else.  Gy
Scheduled appointment and still had to wait 2 hours in pain. Horrible place should hire more people.
Fast and easy process! The doctor answers all questions and explains everything to ensure you understand.
Like most recovering promethazine addicts I used intense exercise to get through the painful reality of living without my fix.  Naturally this lead to severe injuries from lack of stretching and freewill.  I was directed to Ignite Physical Therapy because my doctor and the Joe running this place were both Mormons, and you know what they say, one in the gate is worth two in the fridge.    Things started as easy as counting track marks on my severely drug damaged tongue.  Elder Joe showed me some basic stretches and his hawaiian partner Teebro performed a sensual manual treatment that left me as supple as a newborn orangutan.    The problems started arising when an exercise regiment was added.  Rather than a happy ending, after Teebro's treatment, I was given a workout routine that my limberated body was just not ready for.    I tried telling Elder Joe and Teebro that my pain levels throughout the week had increased tremendously, that my limping was getting me in trouble at work.  (You just can't rock it as a towel boy at the Duddly Dukes Chip and Dale's with a limp!) But they were too busy trying to ban mountain dew at the local Luau, to pay attention to me.  Finally one day as I was crawling into the clinic, covered in dirty banana hammocks, and astroglide, they took notice away from their soda petition and had a closer look.  They told me I needed acupuncture.  So I called up my ex girlfriend who was dating my fatherly aunt at the time and asked how she had felt about acupuncture, when she got a stress fracture in her femurgina.    I couldn't hear much over the sound of the Family Ties themed butt orgy but the gist was that Acupuncture can be addictive, and as an ex addict that just didn't seem right.  So I got a second opinion from a non mormon doctor and found Rehab Arizona where I was healed and only touch promethazine at Christmas, or whenever Teebro offers a sensual manual treatment.
Worst service ever!!! The wait time is a joke. I sat there for 8 hours only to basically get laughed in my face. They don't take the time to listen to you and surely don't care about your pain. They give you pain pills to shut everyone up and than stick you in the waiting room for HOURS! the doctors are a joke, so is the staff. They all stand around chit chatting while only 1 poor nurse is running around trying to do the jobs of the 5 other nurses and 2 doctors.... Poor service, crappy staff! Its not fair to treat people who come in for help, that way. Why cause we weren't born with a silver spoon in our mouth???? Shameful.... Medical care in vegas just sucks. Period. Take notes from the doctors in California.
I have been here for two different injuries.  I have chronic lower back pain due to an L4/L5 protrusion and after a couple of months of PT with Kerry and Jenna, and continuing the exercises they taught me to do, I haven't thrown my back out since, and that was 4 years ago!  The second injury I went for, was a torn achillies.  Yes, it's as bad as they say it is.  After weeks of intense and tough training(all worth it) I was jogging again in just a couple of months.  Kerry is the best.  She pushes you to your limit, and gets you back in the game.
After a year and a half of dealing with my injury of tearing my left hip flexor muscle and searching for a decent Physical Therapy clinic in my area (West Phoenix/Glendale area), I am satisfied to state that my experience with Impact was excellent from beginning to end. The price was reasonable to my budget and worth every dollar.  The start up plan which is what I signed up for has a total of six sessions, which includes the first evaluation/consultation visit. The sessions and at home assigned exercises, progressively healed my torn hip flexor muscle now I can say that the pain is officially gone. Depending on your level of injury or pain the number of sessions will vary, since they customize a treatment plan to get you FAST RESULTS.   I am eager to say, that they lived up to Impact Physical Therapy's promise of giving the "BEST ONE-ON-ONE physical therapy experience." My last session was today and highly recommend their professional service. They cater to you, educate you on your situation, and have great work ethic.  My favorite part of the experience was 1) during my sessions I never experienced an overcrowded clinic nor gym, and 2) my doctor never made me feel rushed to get to his next patient that gesture made me feel valued every time.   To wrap up this review, they also have great resources on Instagram, Facebook, & YouTube showing video exercises, and since my last session was today, Dr. Balzer, who attended me throughout process made sure I contact him in the near future with any questions or follow ups needed.   Impact Physical Therapy and their team has definitely showed me that my time and business is valued, in order to get fast results so I can get back to my avid runner and gym enthused lifestyle prior to my injury.   I am giving a five star review. I hope the team keeps up the great business management and clinic organization because they truly excelled in providing a great clean cut environment.  For further questions, feel free to email me at marlette.espinoza@icloud.com.
I use Dana Parsley for physiotherapy and Dax Wilcox for personal training.  Both are absolutely excellent and have totally blown me away!  I started to see Dana because I had sprained my ankle quite badly in May, which got better, but then spontaneously got much worse again a month later, so I thought I should get it checked out.  After seeing Dana only twice, she improved my healing exponentially as she showed me stretches to help heal my ankle properly.  I had also hurt my hip and Dana helped it heal very quickly!  I then started to see Dax Wilcox for personal training in hopes of getting stronger to prevent injuries like this, and of course to lose a bit of weight as well.  Today is day 90 since I have started with Dax.  I have lost 9 lbs (from 136lb to 127lb) and 5% in body fat.  I could never get under 133lb no matter how hard I tried by myself (originally 163lb) and Dax has broken me through that barrier.  At first, I didn't think that I was working that hard because I wasn't really sweating too hard or even feeling any pain after a session, but after a while I noticed that my clothes were fitting a little more loosely.  I have been watching my eating, but not completely restricted as I do enjoy going out to eat a lot with the occasional drink.  Dax looks at everything holistically and looks at muscle movements and how each muscle works with each other.  It's not like a personal training at a gym where they make you do all these exercises that make you hurt the next day.  The exercises that Dax gives me has improved my posture as well as increased my strength in the muscles that need it.  I definitely recommend both Dana and Dax!
Great service and care. thank you
Dem frosch kann ich mich nur anschliessen
Eric and his team at Impact are miracle workers! After about a year of having knee pain I finally decided to do something about it. After my first visit at impact my pain was reduced significantly. I highly recommend investing in your self and checking out Impact Physical Therapy.
I just started seeing Dr. Reddy, my family has seen him for a couple years now. He is awesome, I highly recommend him as a family doctor. As for the front desk girls they are rude and careless. They have an attitude every time I make an appointment. They specifically told me the other day "we won't double book you" then I go in and the girl upfront tells me there's nothing they can do about it. They double booked me and I was late for work. If I would have known that I would of came in the next day on my day off. She ignored me and told me she can't do anything with snarky attitude. I'll continue to go back for Reddy but you girls need to change your attitude. Your patients deserve kind respectful people not ones who act like they hate the world.  Thanks;)
I found ActiveForever after a family incident.  I was in a panic and not in a great mood, when I called ActiveForever.  I needed some things for my Father after he took a fall.  I found products on other sites (like one named after a giant river in South America :)) -- but have you tried calling one of those sites to ask for advise -- not going to happen...The staff at ActiveForever was really knowledgable and helped me get some things that helped my Dad get out of bed (by himself), get to the bathroom and take care of business.  I don't what I'd do without those things.  I'm glad they helped me pick out the correct things as I found out that most toilet and bed products are not returnable.  I certainly can understand that!  (YECK!).    They also have some other really unique products.  I ordered a few things as Christmas gifts -- thinga I didn't even know existed until I surfed around the site a bit.  People invent the darndest things.  The only complaint I have is that some items don't have free shipping -- however, when I compared the price with shipping to other sites with free shipping it was still cheaper at ActiveForever.  Apparently they don't gouge you on the price only to give so called "free shipping" - no such thing as a free lunch as they say...
Not sure what this lady Barbara is talking about but I been in this practice for 3 months and had the most pleasant experience , the whole staff is very welcoming and carring , very friendly always smile and crack jokes and more importantly they focus on your problem areas when you in pain ! I recommend this practice to everyone 100%
What a God Damned scam-of-a-copay this office is:  You wait hours to be seen, and not only is it the wait time, you're seen by a new so-called doctor every time!   You (then) make your prescription requests (which are clearly articulated in your charts), only to be told weeks after your previous visit over the phone (because your wondering where the hell your refills are) you have to come back  for the refill -- the same refill which was requested on the previous visit!  Too boot, I get in a battle (with their office manager Angelic??) about their BS hustle, telling me that's the way their office runs, and that I have to come (back) in -- yet not one time did she ever try scheduling an appointment with me before hanging up. Hmmm.  Christ, what is it with Vegas?!  Shame on you, you hustling-ass #SunsetClinic!
Omg small town doctor in a big town you are not rushed in and out like a piece of cattle I love this place
Great help for my nephew
I've been coming to see Dr Mall and his team for a long time.  He is by far the best doctor I've ever seen.  He really cares about mu well being.  I never leave his office feeling rushed or like I have more questions.  He always takes his time answering questions and making me feel confident.  His staff has always treated me like an actual person, not like a number or something to knock ff a to-do list.   I love the Myers cocktails.  Its quick.  Its painless and I feel great for weeks after.  One time My co-worker and I started coming down with the flu.  I got a Myers the next day and my flu was about an entire week shorter than hers.  I highly recommend it to anyone.  It's definitely worth it.
Fantastic attention to the customer!  They provide personal attention for an hour, from THERAPISTS working with no more than 2 patients. My progress is good and I understand what to do at home to keep good health. (I am not 1 of 4 patients per Assistant.  No wasted time waiting for my turn, and sessions being longer than an hour because I had to wait 30 minutes.)
I have worked with Dr. Jenni and her team, as they have mentored DPT students I taught.  She is very passionate about her work.  I am comfortable referring to OSS if I have patients that need PT outside of my specialty.
Based on my experience with the Nellis location company, the following happened to me: It's my understanding of the contract I entered into that I was supposed to receive care from this Urgent Care facility as a regular client while establishing a Primary Care Physician. However, I don't believe that I did receive that. Even with insurance, I was still billed hundreds of dollars by this facility, and even double-billed in one case!! No one told me my in-network doctor would not be seeing me on my follow-up visit, and they aren't even required to tell you that. Instead, I have to pay $270 for a Physician's Assistant to review my lab tests with me. I could have read that myself! Based on what happened to me, you might want to double-check before you go ahead and engage this company and business with you. Be aware of what can happen. This is what happened to me.
This place is terrible!!! Dr. PANIKKAR is the best doctor I've ever met. She truly cares for her patients. This is why she left this horrible place. I had to start seeing Dr. Ghadishah after she left. He doesn't even spend 5 minutes with you. You cannot ask any questions, he tells you to make another appointment for that. I've never heard of that before. I had a bunch of tests in the emergency room and could not get him to tell me the results. I could be dying for all I know. He also adds things to the bill that he didn't do. Keep a close eye on what you are being charged for. All they care about is money. Please do yourself a favor and find another doctor. I hated even giving them 1 star, but that's as low as it goes.
This urgent care was the most pleasant and quickest one I've been to. The staff is so nice and friendly. They made me feel very comfortable and took care of all my needs. They even fill your prescriptions here, which is totally convenient. They are even open every day until 9pm! I will definitely return here and will recommend them to my family and friends.
Brian and Holly are amazing!! My friend recommended Dessert Sun as she had a fantastic experience as well. Great people with values... Very knowledgable and helpful in providing recommendations for a comfortable and quick recovery. I continue to recommend them and have since moved to California. I recently had an injury and happened to be in AZ. I couldn't wait to get in to them!! They worked around my schedule and are always so helpful. I wish I could bring them back to CA :)
Thanks to the skill and experience of the fun & friendly staff at A Plus Physical Therapy, I was able to avoid shoulder surgery. They worked with me to heal and strengthen my shoulder, and educated me to avoid injury in the future. I highly recommend Dave and his staff!
If I could do 0 stars I would. This place is absolutely the worst doctors office. I've been here 3 times and the wait has always been over an hour and half sometimes two for a follow up appointment. I hate being rude but it's hard to be patient when they keep you waiting this long and don't send over referrals to other doctors when needed. Most of the time I have to call 2-3 times or even stop by the office to pick up a physical copy because they said they sent it over to pharmacies, offices, clinics, but they never get there. They are understaffed with no PA and one nurse but then they should not schedule patients like this close to each other. My time is very valuable and I am sure other patients' time is too.
I have had great experiences here so far. The environment is non-intimidating. All the staff I have met are really nice, but Steve is my therapist. He is nice and friendly, and happy to pass on his knowledge by telling me what he is doing and why. He NEVER rushes my sessions. Steve and his assistants are receptive and respectful when I say something hurts or is uncomfortable. Contact has really cool therapy tools--my favorite is this thing filled with hot ground corn that swirls around and feels oddly like water.   I've only been in for a handful of sessions so far but I've been very happy with Steve and the care he provides.
I love it here!  I have a million positive things I could tell you about: 1-easy to get an appointment, I've even gotten in the same day due to a cancellation. 2- Dr Susan Sorosky is sooooo nice and genuine and gentle and caring!  I love her! 3- They don't keep me sitting in the waiting room all day.  I am always actually in with the doctor within a few minutes of my appointment.  4-  I've never had issues with billing or unnecessary appointments and they coordinate with my insurance in advance.
Even at 3 or 4 in the morning... expect to wait at least 1.5 to 2 hours.  There is nothing "immediate" about this place or anything that resembles "care" from the people working here. I visited them 3 times in the last 6 months (required by my employer) and each time the nurse or "whoever" was "treating" me never even smiled, asked me how I was doing, or even introduced themselves.  They called my name after an extremely long wait (with only 3 or 4 others in the waiting room) then explained as robotic as possible what they were going to do.  It actually was a little bit scary.   What explains everything, though, is they remodeled and expanded their waiting room size instead of just using that money to hire more people to get patients in and out in a reasonable time frame.
If I could give negative stars I would for this place. This is the worst experience x2 I had with this place when it comes to billing. I went in for yearly check up and a month later I received a bill that my insurance doesn't cover. When about 20 times I had no help other than you have to call labcorp who does their blood work or your insurance. I went to this place in December and it is now September and it is still not resolved. My bill is now going into collections. I gave up and paid it.  I wonder how many other incident people this place is billing incorrectly if you can't get the coding correct for regular yearly check up
So I wrote a pretty long review about Dr Liu and his staff 2 weeks ago and it was completely negative because of my bad experience. Multiple things went wrong on my surgery day, then I felt like they forgot about me after my knee surgery and just didn't care for me at all, so I wrote my first review ever as kind of a cry for help to finally get someone's attention. Well I'm glad I did because it worked and his assistant finally called me to come in for a private one on one meeting with Dr Liu.  He explained to me why I had all the complications that I had. The main problem I had was that no one ever called me after my surgery like they said they would. His assistant Megan was supposed to call me 2 days after my surgery to go over everything. I was sent home with minimal instructions and had a lot of questions and concerns, so when I never heard from her I tried calling several times throughout the week. My dad even got involved and left several voicemails as well, but no one ever called us back.  When I went in for my first post op appointment 2 weeks after my surgery, I thought I was going to see Dr Liu but I met with Megan instead. I told her about some of the problems I had on my surgery day and that no one ever called me afterwards so I didn't know how everything went, plus I was concerned because everything the doctor had told me wasn't the way things turned out. She seemed clueless and didn't explain anything. She acted like it was no big deal and was very short with me. I was hoping to leave there with some answers but I left feeling even more dissatisfied.  So when I spoke to her about it today in front of Dr Liu she said that she calls every patient after surgery, so maybe my mailbox was full or not set up. I just laughed and said no my phone and mailbox work just fine. Then she apologized and walked out of the room.  My next appointment is in 3 weeks and it was supposed to be with Megan again, but before I left the office today Dr Liu changed it so I'm meeting with him instead. I appreciated that.  I'm really glad that Dr Liu reached out to me, it meant a lot. He said that he's changing a lot of their protocols so this won't happen again.  As long as my knee heels fine then that's all that really matters.. It just wasn't the experience that I was hoping for.
Matt my PT for 5 weeks was pretty good at 4 stars, and I would have gladly continued to be treated by him if 360 Physical Therapy wasn't so poor at providing billing information to my insurance company. They literally took over a month to follow thru with simple information requests from USAA.  Turned out to be wonderful for I found Fearon Physical Therapy to be flat out awesome comparatively and billing is entirely smooth, no waiting and no hitches.
My first visit I was a bit nervous, Jolli makes your feel comfortable. She's extremely knowledgeable and will answer all your questions. Jolli is the bomb.com during the poop show lol.
If you have more than regular back pain and you're looking for answers this is the place.  This is not my first time with this style of therapy after getting hurt in the military.  So far I've been to twice and I already see results. Best of all is how comfortable you'll feel. I'll update as I progress.  Oh and the pre authorization process was a big relief.
Recently moved to this much larger, beautiful facility,  just off the 17, so it's very easy to navigate to.  Ample close parking, a bonus for those seeking treatment with limited mobility. Upon walking through the front entrance for patients,  you're greeted with a large waiting area that is very clean, classy, updated and stylish! You check in at the desk and head back to the appropriate treatment area for you, in my case I need a private room, and cannot be treated out in the main room, maybe someday when I am moved up to working on strength building, but for now I am confined to the private rooms for manual work on my ribs. It would be hella awkward to be out on the main floor with everyone watching me get a rib rub down,  so I am grateful for places that have private rooms like this, and they are very nice! My physical therapist, Krystle is an amazing magical manipulators of mad muscles. She rocks! Very highly quialified and professional. She is even certified in a dry needling technique which looks similar to acupuncture, which someday I might be giving a try, but at the moment I personally cannot fathom any pointy objects anywhere near my hypersensitive rib area, but maybe it's for you, and I have heard she produces amazing results, and instantaneous healing. Update: I totally had Dry Needling done by the amazing Krystle Alexander and she was absolutely stellar at it! The first few, I didn't even know she put them in, and I was extremely nervous and anxiety was flooding through me, but she put me at ease, and her intensely skilled hands did a superb job! I made it through almost 60 needles in my back! That is a huge accomplishment for me and it would not have been possible without Krystle doing such an outstanding job! I also have had the pleasure of working with the ultra-knowledgable "Bill"/William, and he REALLY knows what he is doing! I think I remember learning that he used to own his own practice at one time, and jokes he has been doing this for like 100 years, but he is totally a young spirit, with wise and skillfully professional hands! Thanks for all your help and expertise, Bill! The CORE Institute was a great experience for physical therapy, and I would definitely recommend you give them a try if your body is in need of some rehabilitation!
My Left Foot Children's Therapy has a great sense of community involvement. The office/center is nice, and they offer a wide variety of services-not just personal therapy, but special classes such as yoga and tae kwon do. Super cool. I feel like many places do not offer what this place does. They are also open 7 days a week, which is really convenient.
Pretty awful, so glad I was the visitor and not the patient I couldn't imagine having to stay in this place. The hospital looks very old and dirty. The staff is flakey and very difficult to get a hold of. When you do finally get to ask a question, they forget to come back or ignore the question. Nursing assistant chomped on her gum the ENTIRE time she was taking my mother's vitals. I would never elect to go to this hospital. My poor mother had no choice I would strongly urge against going to this hospital for care if at all possible.
As my first massage experience, I was very happy with T1's staff and the quality of service. The room and massage tables were warm and the blankets were soft. The receptionist was friendly and  informative; able to answer all my questions about insurance and covered services. The massage therapist asked me if there were any specific areas I wanted her to focus on, and she checked with me on the temperature of the stones during my hot stone massage. Already booked my next session.
Cozy was great!!  She's incredibly accommodating and very pleasant. I've been to see her now three times and will continue to do so ;)
I have been having lower back pain for a while now so I decided to start a treatment in High Park physio before the year ends.   From the moment I entered the door they were so helpful, professional -the girl in the front desk, Jessica, is amazing, so smart and attentive- and the initial visit and assessment was 10/10.  The therapist that supervises my treatment, Jake, was extremely thorough and took all the time necessary to study my posture, my feet, my muscles and all the components that are necessary to really understand where the pain comes from. He also had the patience to explain me everything and more about back/leg anatomy, nerve locations and what not and answered every question I had before programming my treatment.  I feel in such good hands every time that I come here, I only can recommend it if you are looking for a good Physiotherapy clinic.
I never even made it in to my appointment. Why would a physical therapy facility not have special parking for the PT patients. This place is located in a gym. I was sent here for rehabilitation of my ankle after ankle reconstruction. My cast was just removed yesterday and I was told to progress to full weight bearing. When I arrived and saw that there was no parking anywhere near the front door, instead of trying to offer any assistance, the girl told me should would just cancel my appointment because there were no other options. What a joke! I will find somewhere else to do my physical therapy. This was such an unprofessional response for a place that is supposed to help rehabilitate people.
I just came here for foot reflexology and had a wonderful experience. The lady working on my feet did an amazing job!  My session started with a 10 or 15 minute foot soaking and then the massage began. The foot soaking is not included in the 1-hour massage. The pressure started off moderate and I kept asking the technician to be more firm. Once she knew my needs, the foot massage was fantastic. She really worked on my arches, calves and shins. Everything is feeling much better.  If you have flat feet and suffer with foot pain, I highly recommend this spa. It's very relaxing and set up really well. All of the rooms are really zen and their main entrance is really nice as well. They offer you a beverage and have a snack bar located in the back of the spa.   My recommendation is to have them use as much pressure as possible. It might feel uncomfortable and hurt in the moment but when you leave your feet will thank you. I feel so much better and will definitely return for more foot reflexology.  At the end of the experience, they place hot towels on your feet and do different foot stretches. My feet feel amazing! I highly recommend this place to relieve your aches and pains. If you suffer from severe foot pain I recommend a 1 hour foot reflexology treatment. You won't be sorry. Just make sure you ask for lots of pressure in the areas that hurt the most.
I have been a patient at this office since 2008 despite moving out of Glendale and across the valley. It is definitely worth the drive for me. Jim is awesome. On occasion the wait time will be a little long, but many things outweigh that. Jim has seen me on the same day more than once, he sits and listen to what my concerns are, and explains everything so well.  I have never seen Dr Bennett so I can't speak to how she is, but I've seen other providers in the office and they have all been great and treated me well.
I was alerted by yelp that I had a comment on my review. Nice that 2 years later someone is getting around to apologizing for the horrendous service I received, but no, you won't make it up to me next time because 2 years ago after I left that appointment half way through, YOU sent ME a letter kicking me out of your practice, which is a joke. Lol wouldn't go back if you paid me!
I came here for foot reflexology and had a really great experience. The spa is very clean and my technician was really good. She worked on my feet for 30 minutes and my achy feet felt much better when I left. I definitely should have purchased a longer treatment.  I'll definitely return for another treatment in the near future.
This is a really good physiotherapy clinic. I visited many places before finding Semi and this is the only one I have stayed with. Both Valerie and Ellen are great physiotherapists and they have a bunch of other professionals you can work with.   They help you fix muscle imbalances through exercise so you won't experience any pain and so forth.   I highly recommend this clinic if you are sick and tired of throwing your money away at physiotherapy clinics where they don't help you feel better.
I followed Dr. Mora here from John C Lincoln. I always liked Dr. Mora and wanted to continue seeing him.  At my first appointment, I discovered that no one in the office checked to see that they didn't accept my insurance. When I called afterward to find out how much I owed, I was first quoted approx $300. I remembered on the financial agreement I signed that there was a self-pay discount. The woman I spoke to agreed that it should be applied but didn't know how much it was or what I owed.   After a couple more calls I finally got the correct amount, paid and asked for a receipt and coding so that I could get reimbursed by my insurance. I was told something would be mailed to me, but I didn't receive anything after several days. I left messages on 3 occasions that were not returned.   I called a few more times and we struggled through basic things like visiting my company's website to get the fax number to fax the information (I was driving while she was looking up site, she told me there was no fax number, which is funny because it's been on our contact page for years). She then tried emailing me but for some reason that didn't work either, so I looked up the fax number for them and finally received the information I needed.   The thing that bothered me most was that every time I called, I felt like I was being rushed off the phone with fake courtesy. At no point in time did I feel like anyone there cared about actually connecting with me or being present to my needs. Beyond the fact that a medical office is staffed with people who don't understand basic technology, I was disturbed that the people who were supposed to care for my health... well, just didn't care.  I did leave a message for Dr. Mora, but he never called me, there seems to be a disconnect that wasn't there before.   On a sidenote, the office manager did a great job of getting in touch with me and addressing my concerns, going as far as agreeing my assessments of the issues in the office and saying that it would be addressed in training. Hope this is the case, but too little too late for me.
Finally decided to get a flu shot today and Urgent Care Extra was the only place I could find that had them. +1 for them.  Typical urgent care facility with a larger than normal waiting room and friendly staff.   When I arrived I asked how long it would take and was informed it would be about 20 minutes. Turned out it took 75 minutes. I wasn't the happiest about that, but then I'm the one who waited until the last minute to get a flu shot.  Free wi-fi for the wait and iPads to use when you are in the exam room.
On 8th may, when I came to the clinch for my appointment I had to wait 40min since one of their nurses who was supposed doing a blood test for me was sick and receptionists didn't informed me properly  And the receptionist just didn't even bother to apologise In fact They charge $75 if patients are late over 20min and ask you to go  another walk in clinics and they shy away if they make you to wait over 40min Anyway a young male doctor greeted me and asked me to come over. During the consultation  I found my doctor wasn't really listening to what I was saying and was very unfriendly that made me feel really uncomfortable  I am sorry for being direct but I feel like I deserved better service as your patient    If you are looking for a family doctor that you could rely on and trust  I wouldn't recommend this clinic

